travis scott and olivia rodrigo were among the top searches on google this year
travis scott, olivia rodrigo's 'drivers license' & more crown google's top searches of 2021
travis scott and olivia rodrigo lead google's music-related top trending searches of 2021. see the full list of musicians and songs here.
travis scott and yb better
travis scott sa ibang bansa al james sa pilipinasfire
quand jvais accoucher jvais mettre du travis scott ou du drake à fond dans la salle d'accouchement
travis scott should've never did this interview.  his remorse looks forced. the squinting, saying “ya know” every 2 seconds??? all this strategic pr to sway public opinion so early for what
chillah $ baby out now
travis scott is a wasteman
how does travis scott come back from what happened? surely his career is done
my teacher doesn't even know who travis scott is loudly crying faceloudly crying face
ولی pop smoke واسه گنگیو گنگستری travis scott واسه لشیو چتی
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer discontinued by anheuser-busch - https://wazupnaija.com/travis-scotts-cacti-hard-seltzer-discontinued-by-anheuser-busch/
 for spending 27 minutes with me this year on 
. you are my #1. #spotifywrapped
artist · 43.2m monthly listeners.
travis scott watched 10 people die at astroworld and did nothing
daily mail celebrity
travis scott's drink brand is being pulled from the shelves after astroworld horror
anheuser-busch opts to stop selling travis scott's cacti hard seltzer
brewing giant anheuser-busch, which produced the seltzer, announced friday that they're going to discontinue the drink from the popular musician.
now playing : lil wayne - let it fly (w/ travis scott) -----> click link 2 listen 
--(https://bit.ly/33zbpyv)
nowplaying the london - young thug feat j. cole andamp; travis scott https://bit.ly/2voxpuf watch http://toptwelve.tv #radioimpact 11:15
 is covering the travis scott astroworld disaster in addition to his previous behavior. 
https://youtu.be/uk2bqniwwm8 and i have 1 reaction for this guy
travi japanってtravis scottが日本でliveするもんかなっておもっててんな、なんなん
what travis scott's astroworld can learn from the toronto radiohead stage collapse
canadian event safety expert janet sellery breaks down the tragedy at the travis scott astroworld show and what we can do to prevent another
tunesounds music multiple musical notes (download the app now)
now playing travis scott - sicko mode on tune sounds exclusive channel "hiphop top hits"
discover  new songs, albums, & artists daily
app available on google play and the app store
#spotifywrapped #spotifywrapped2021 #spotify
#tunesounds #thegameawards
mahito teacup without handle x thanina besties heart suit
8ans et il saigne deja tous les son de travis scott et xxxtentation
travis scott nods and smiles as people scream “help!” at #astrofest.  03
snaj1niketiger facelow&hi
教えて下さいman bowing deeply
travis scott × fragment × nike aj1 tiger facehigh voltage signhi 
マイサイ新品未使用品おいくらならgot'emしますか？
i think i just heard travis scott say "you know" more times in an hour than i've ever said it in my entire life
travis scott's spiked seltzer brand cacti discontinued, anheuser-busch announces
travis scott's alcoholic cacti beverages will no longer be sold in stores, anheuser-busch revealed in a statement on friday
aj blackston - financial it solutions consultant
travis scott says he was unaware of astroworld deaths until after show http://newsy.com/stories/travis-scott-unaware-of-astroworld-deaths-during-show/ #education #federal #state #local #news #police #fire #school #library #hospital #ai #mayor #teachers #technology #vaccine
travis scott says he was unaware of astroworld deaths until after show
the rapper described his perspective of what happened during an interview with tv and radio personality charlamagne tha god.
travis scott fanpage cactus
r.i.p cacti disappointed face
travis scott's spiked seltzer drink “cacti” has officially been discontinued.
วันนี้ลูกชายฉันใส่​ nike air jordan​ 1 travis scott เทสดีจังครับลูก อวยลูกยันรองเท้า​555​ สายสนีกเกอร์ถูกใจสิ่งนี้​ thumbs upthumbs upthumbs up  #centralayutthayaxnanon
the biggest revelations from travis scott's first interview after astroworld tragedy
travis scott vows to “never” let a tragedy like that of his astroworld festival concert happen again. in his first interview since the nov. 5 incident , which left 10 people dead, the r…
travis scott-butterfly effectcollision symbolcollision symbol
mook flag of puerto rico
travis scott a perfect example of “stay humble my n*****” you really never know what life gon' throw at you face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingloudly crying face
we the best hip hop and r&b fire
▶ #nowplaying radio bubbly by young thug, drake & travis scott  on hot 21 radio 
 headphone listen => http://hot21radio.com/listen
 thumbs up like => https://hot21radio.com/?u=69231b674e61
 thumbs down dislike => https://hot21radio.com/?u=93b163e21bcb 
 #hot21radio #youngthug,draketravisscott #bubbly
travis scott seltzer discontinued, says report https://trib.al/qjru5kv
dedric call me hand chi 17-9
travis scott ft lil uzi vert - rara by travis scott on #soundcloud
travis scott ft lil uzi vert - rara
excuse moi mais le documentaire de travis scott jai pas aimé angele tu sens que c mignon c plus vrai ca sort du fond du coeur
tristan hafkenscheid
oh, the wonderful things mr. brown can do! he can go like a cow. he can go moo moo! mr brown can do it. how about you? - travis scott
mlm ini mau ngedate sm travis scott
street madness radio
now playing travis scott - escape plan (official audio) by  
listen live here: https://streetmadness.out.airtime.pro/streetmadness_a 
follow us on instagram #officialstreetmadnessradio
#streetmadnessradio #atlanta #hiphop #rnb #station
woo infinity & beyond heart on fire
they are doing travis scott so dirty tbh & drake was literally just performing with kanye … what in the entire fuck ! my dawg losing millions by the day exploding headexploding head
this is wonderful project. i will be the happiest if i'm one of the recipients of giveaway. thanks in advance for your generosity. 
#safemoneybsc #safemoney #airdrop #cryptocurrencybill
left-pointing magnifying glass new #airdrop: safemoneybsc
heavy dollar signreward: up to 950m safemoney (~$38)+250b safemoney (~$10k) referral pool
red circlestart the airdrop bot http://t.me/safemoneybscairdropbot
radio button do the tasks on the bot & submit your data
radio buttondetails: https://youtu.be/stu3uwm52ne
#airdrops #bitcoin #safemoney #airdropdet
escucha la mejor estacion  lmm urban radio: can't say by travis scott! tune in now. 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.qrioustech.musicapp
latin mix masters international dj crew was created and launched by willie "will" gavilanes in 1995, with the vision of forming a group of top talented djs across the globe that would represent the...
5.0/5.0 stars – 8 ratings
#nowplaying sky walker (clean) by miguel ft travis scott #listen at https://jaundoonetwork.com #jaundooradio
welcome to the jaundoo radio network llc
tunechi started his own festival first then others like drake, travis scott, and bad bunny took the recipe
so…all the critics in this world are basically making their money off of others works, therefore they should all get s job for they are disgusting peasants according to your and these comments statements…sure…why not give travis scott a nobel price for his concert as well…
travis scott in that new “interview” written by his lawyers nervous den a bitch lmaooo
travis scott - vision #bagetthörtmusic pt 106
y'a pas une interview où il lâche pas un truc comme ça mdrrr déjà nas je me souviens il lui raconté pourquoi il était gros travis scott il lui avait demandé où il regardait son porno…
rach ariesringed planet
i love the travis scott subreddit
goodreddit (thanks for 200k!)
https://earthwaters.org/famous-celebrities/rapper-travis-scotts-first-interview-on-astroworld-tragedy travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy where 10 died. #travisscott #astroworldtragedy
travis scott - butterfly effect https://youtu.be/_eyzutdah0u via 
travis scott - butterfly effect
"butterfly effect" available at itunes http://smarturl.it/butterflyeffect_itapple music http://smarturl.it/bufferflyeffect_amspotify http://smarturl.it/buff...
why was a 9 year old at a travis scott concert?, those parents are to blame.
also in 2017, travis scott goaded a fan to leap from a second-floor balcony at new york's terminal 5.
“i see you, but are you gonna do it?” scott said. “they gonna catch you, don't be scared! fall!”
the fan ended up breaking both of his legs.
https://datebook.sfchronicle.com/music/years-before-astroworld-tragedy-travis-scott-told-s-f-crowd-i-better-see-bodies-in-the-air 05
datebook.sfchronicle.com
years before astroworld tragedy, travis scott told s.f. crowd 'i better see bodies in the air'
the rapper, who has built a reputation for pushing fans at his concerts to the brink of mayhem, egged on a crowd at 2015 warfield show.
ghana travis scott musical scoresmiling face with sunglassesearth globe europe-africaflag of ghana
not my style tho but i understand the gee
northern nigerianflag of nigeria biggest website
travis scott gets emotional as he breaks silence since astroworld tragedy  #astroworld 
http://arewapublisize.com/2021/12/travis-scott-gets-emotional-as-he.html
travis scott gets emotional as he breaks silence since astroworld tragedy #astroworld
“i'm going to fix this to make sure this never happens again”. in a one-on-one interview with charlamagne the god, travis scott speaks out ...
#edsheeran no.6 collaborations project #vinyl
currently £10.99 featuring #camilacabello #cardib #khalid #stormzy #travisscott #eminem #50cent #brunomars
no.6 collaborations project
ed sheeran comments: 'before i was signed in 2011, i made an ep called 'no. 5 collaborations project'. since then, i've always wanted to do another, so i started 'no. 6' on my laptop when i was on...
s lsnakeflag of puerto ricoflag of united stateselephant
no me digas que paso lo mismo que el concierto de travis scott
hits 93 toronto santa claus
now playing: antisocial by ed sheeran & travis scott.
listen to la radio hits 93 toronto : canada's biggest radio station
canada's biggest radio station... home of #1dhour at 12 and 8 p.m. et... a non-profit owned by viktor... donate: paypal.me/hits93toronto or press "website."
white heavy check mark2019 年 10 月 11 日 発売
white heavy check mark定価 : 24750 円
white heavy check mark↓↓現在の相場↓↓
http://a.r10.to/hfgcyn
nike air jordan 6 retro sp cn1084-200ナイキ エア ジョーダン 6 レトロ "トラビス・スコット" "カクタス ジャック" "travis scott"...
エアジョーダン6 travis scott 2019 年 10 月 11 日 発売 #足元倶楽部 #スニーカー部
travis scott only got two good songs
paso lo mismo que el concierto de travis scott
libertarian prospective
[conspiracy theories & unpopular culture] #astroworld pt 4- travis scott's apology with charlamagne and 2019 netflix documentary #conspiracytheoriesunpopularculture 
https://podcastaddict.com/episode/132497126 via 
somebody gon assassinate travis scott after this damn interview woman facepalming
now playing pick up the phone (explicit) ft. quavo by young thug, travis scott on http://fmhiphop.com
travis scott has broken his silence following the astroworld festival tragedy, saying that he has been trying to process what has happened.
travis scott breaks silence in first interview since astroworld tragedy
travis scott has broken his silence following the astroworld festival tragedy, saying that he has been trying to process what has happened. the rapper is facing 100 lawsuits that have been filed in...
travis scott - mafia (clean)
kuwtk: travis scott defends raging while discussing astroworld tragedy https://undertheinfluencerd.net/2021/12/11/kuwtk-travis-scott-defends-raging-while-discussing-astroworld-tragedy/
david master servant
now playing sky walker (feat. travis scott) at http://4everflo.com 
send momo to everyone instead
oppressed dynasty ent
anheuser-busch is discontinuing travis scott's cacti hard seltzer
 getty image 'we believe brand fans will understand and respect this decision,' the brewer said in a statement to adage.
https://uproxx.com/music/anheuser-busch-discontinues-travis-scott-cacti-hard-seltzer/
abeg add me err weary faceweary face
travis scott's hard seltzer cacti discontinued: report.... 
read more at: https://audiobrabie.com
travis scott says he been on an 'emotional rollercoaster' in first interview after astroworld tragedy - http://zimbuddy.com a networking and reputation building platform
travis scott apology
dirty south radio online - dirty south radio tv
ty dolla $ign ft. madeintyo &amp; travis scott - regular  http://dsrm.us http://dirtysouthradioonline.com
drake really sacrificed travis scott loudly crying face
#nowplaying way 2 sexy by drake ft. travis scott on http://nichenationradio.com
travis scott has been criticized by a lawyer of an astroworld victim family's over his first post-tragedy interview
travis scott has been criticized by a lawyer of an astroworld victim family's over his first...
the attorney for the family of 21-year-old axel acosta, who died at the festival, says travis' interview was an attempt to 'shift blame.'
attorney for astroworld victims blasts travis scott for 'shifting blame to somebody else'
tony buzzbee, attorney for several of the astroworld victims, has blasted travis scott for not taking responsibility for his actions. "axel acosta and the many
san dibu martínez scarf
puta de mierda andate con ese trola del orto
juice wrld, liltjay, travis scott, drake.
where did those creatures come from. how do they pick their victims. charlie it's meaningless
#nowplaying nav ft. travis scott - champion
wbny 104.5 | the beat new york
wbny is the #1 hit station in new york. sponsored by songfeature, inc.
charlie 3ny3 f3. it's irrelevant and meaningless
betting companies 3yaa cmo kaa s3 y3 gyimie anaa. manchester city ein win less than 1.20 odds eii. and it couldn't get any worse that ibi early kick off hw3 face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joybroken heart
praise hasbulla place of worship
bro there's this dj that went from big zulu to travis scott yesterday, that sh!t was assloudly crying faceloudly crying facehad lesedi shook
this hard af, lowkey gives me travis scott vibes
negative squared latin capital letter priest
travis scott need to realize he's a pacc now lol nigga shoulda let them fragments come to me maybe the lord woulda helped him out, treat others the way you wanna be treated
ho visto l'intervista di travis scott e sono senza parole cioè lui pensa davvero di poter organizzare di nuovo un festival come astroworld e che ci sia gente che vada o città disposte ad autorizzare
workin ft. big sean & travis scott by puff daddy, #piffradio https://thisispiffradio2.out.airtime.pro/thisispiffradio2_a #humanrightsday
bad bunny outfit for p fkn r concert. flag of puerto rico
nigga said travis scott got faygo trapped in stormie's playhouse loudly crying face
played yosemite travis scott december 10, 2021 at 09:25pm
played yosemite travis scott december 10, 2021 at 04:18pm
played can't say travis scott december 10, 2021 at 01:38pm
travis scott in interview: i been on emotional, roller coaster
me: yawning facei don't believe you. you know that, was a sacrifice. you were doing what your, masters (illuminati) told you to, do
dior risque de faire pareil crying facecrying face j'ai le cœur brisé! un vrai acharnement juridique et commercial contre travis scott vraiment!
french rap us flag of united states
white heavy check mark officiel : 
la marque de boisson alcoolisée "cacti" de travis scott vient d'être annulé aujourd'hui
le fabricant s'est retiré suite à la tragédie !
travis scott changed concerts forever
travis scott feat. young thug & m.i.a. - franchise
rich lux on travis scott interview has me weak rolling on the floor laughing
travis scott - wake up [explicit]
travis scott's adult beverage 'cacti' has been discontinued
all good things must come to an end! if you're a hard seltzer consumer, one of them will no longer be an option for purchase. according to reports from tmz, anheuser-busch will no longer be the home...
travis scott's hard seltzer cacti discontinued: report
anheuser-busch issued a statement saying they 'decided to stop all production and brand development.' it seems that travis scott and his team thought that his intimate interview with charlamagne tha...
oba_thailandflag of thailand
na ghana travis scott na
attorney of astroworld victims believes travis scott's interview 'didn't heal them'
this is a site about politics, entertainment, sports, business, culture, nature, technology
dreamgirls earth globe americas
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer discontinued.
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer is discontinued by anheuser-busch
https://ift.tt/3gcpxn4 travis scott recalls astroworld tragedy
travis scott recalls astroworld tragedy
travis scott's hard seltzer has reportedly been discontinued just over a month after a crowd surge killed 10 people and injured many others at his performance during the astroworld festival in houston.
travis scott u need the blood of jesus !
i'm going to prison for k*lling the ceo of tw*tter
travis scott astroworld
he off this app forever
man you made me think he finally tweeted again
the craziest thing about that travis scott situation is ppl saying he “incites violence so he should be canceled” and nearly every rapper talks about killing and robbing ppl intentionally.
verzuz battle: the rutles versus travis scott
omarthe2nd but reborn
nah i'm reborn on twitter cuz i got suspended two times for hating on travis scott
still on the fence about selling my bad bunny tickets…. 
his setup looking like travis scott's tho is a bit concerning tho… 
i got too much to live.
: travis scott asegura que el accidente de astroworld no fue culpa suya https://gossipvzla.com/travis-scott-asegura-que-el-accidente-de-astroworld-no-fue-culpa-suya
#travisscott's spiked seltzer brand cacti discontinued, 
cookie monkey facechristmas tree
honestly this isn't that great, it's def better then the ariana grande stuff, but the travis scott shit is unbeatable.
travis scott ve don toliver'in birbirleri hakkında düşündükleri.
drake feat. travis scott - fair trade #drakefeat.travisscott #dahubradio #nowplaying : 
what an insufferable creep this guy is
anheuser-busch opts to stop selling travis scott's cacti hard seltzer https://mol.im/a/10298551 via 
#nowplaying "what to do? (feat. don toliver)" by jackboys, travis scott, don toliver on 
jackboys - what to do? (feat. don toliver)
listen to what to do? (feat. don toliver) on tidal
"anheuser-busch discontinues travis scott's cacti hard seltzer"
anheuser-busch discontinues travis scott's cacti hard seltzer
the move comes in the wake of november's astroworld tragedy.
funny how the same day travis scott speaks on astroworld, kim and pete aren't a thing anymore?
coincidence? probably not.
 travis scott says he promotes love wtf dr*g he's on is he shooting h*roin up
soulwell publishing group
kuwtk: travis scott defends raging while discussing
right pointing backhand indexpromote with usright pointing backhand indexhttps://bit.ly/3dnkyub
travis scott doesn't give a shit.
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after show https://ift.tt/3dh3q1e https://ift.tt/2mft1pr
bollywoodhungama.com
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it...
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after the show. bollywood news: latest bollywood news, bollywood news today, bollywood...
 travis scott promotes evilness attitude like songs like give no f*ck with the migos and young thug ad travis promotes doing dr*gs
after gaming, concerts are now taking over the metaverse. artists adriana grande, travis scott, and marshmello together with fortnite put on shows of unprecedented global scale & revenue in the virtual world. #metaverse #fortnite #arianagrande
the metaverse is becoming a massive revenue stream for artists
travis scott, ariana grande, and marshmello have used this new platform to reach record audiences
▶ #nowplaying radio sicko mode by travis scott  
 thumbs up like => https://hot21radio.com/?u=96829a407014
 thumbs down dislike => https://hot21radio.com/?u=62e25708f8f2 
 #hot21radio #travisscott #sickomode
gagasi fm & ctm urban top 30
what gets me is how quick big brands are to drop a famous person after a "fuck up". (
) you picked me because you saw something in me and because some bad publicity is coming your way i'm inconvenient expressionless face. sometimes letting a person go is warranted, this is not. #letsrant
that travis scott interview was so trash.
travis scott killed it, bryson tiller should've stayed in the states
hoy durante la actuación de "run" un fan se desmayó, por lo que joji intervino para parar el show y comenzó a repartir botellas de agua para todos, se aseguró de que la persona estuviese bien y continuó con el showtwo hearts
damn, when it rain it pours.
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer is discontinued by anheuser-busch https://tmz.com/2021/12/10/travis-scott-cacti-hard-seltzer-discontinued-anheuser-busch/ via 
this lady on a dating app said she liked conspiracy theories. i asked for her favourite thinking she'd say something funny like "aliens invented goat cheese" but she says she believes travis scott sacrificed his fans to the devil grimacing face
“there an ambulance in the crowd”-travis scott 2021
wtf you piece of actual sickening shit the concert was so big with so many people and she literally got sufficated in the middle stfu you dirty sick bastard
alexis bourbonniere197flag of congo - kinshasa
c'est travis scott version chemical peel
that's not travis scott
5:39 pm pt — a rep for travis scott tells tmz, “travis was clear in his interview that he is not focused on business right now and his priority is helping his community and fans heal. cacti asked ab...
travis scott's little bro..grinning face
travis scott saying he takes no responsibility and the reporter half way down the floor is enough for me skull and crossbones
a lawyer for a 9-year-old astroworld victim said travis scott and 'others were clearly aware of the dangers' at the music festival
a lawyer for a 9-year-old astroworld victim said travis scott and 'others were clearly aware of the...
travis scott claimed that he "didn't know the exact details" of the tragedy, but ezra blount's family lawyer said he needs to take responsibility.
[転売価格10万円!?] travis scott x nike air jordan 1 cactus jackをレビュー https://30menblog.com/travis-scott-nike-air-jordan-1-low-og-sp-cactus-jack/
breaking: multiple people trapped after amazon warehouse in edwardsville, illinois, partially collapses during storm
djames beatin down the block like bane
“travis scott is not focused on business right now.”
ima be hyper problematic and suggest he just drop this recent album anyways.
butterfly effect and yosemite by travis scott
fuck travis scott bitches be like joji parando el concierto porque se desmayó un fan y empezó a repartirles agua a todos
travis scott sought to uplift houston. did he let it down?
travis scott sought to uplift houston. did he let it down? - je guru
houston —  playwright shawanna renee rivon was talking at her alma mater — the college of houston — a couple of months in the past when a scholar informed her he wouldn't be capable of attend her...
travis scott could never
now playing give no fxk  by migos, young thug, travis scott!
now playing! fair trade (clean) - drake ft travis scott
travis scott not stopping astroworld after it was declared a mass casualty event and drake coming on stage 30min later like he had no idea is some evil, shiesty shit
#nowplaying 53.  erica banks - buss it (feat. travis scott)
"where music reigns"
#1 internet radio station in south florida
lmao did u ever get yr order?
sus smiling face with horns
travis scott burger!! its lit
#nowplaying - now playing on "http://dnaradio.net" - young thug with drake & travis scott - bubbly (dirty) #follow us on #tunein #listen #hiphop #internetradio
just a quick reminder that alec baldwin, caitlyn jenner, travis scott killed more people so far that the new #omricon variation of the covid virus.
a.k.wirru flag of australiaflag of canada
travis scott is a weird way of spelling piece. of. shit.
spankie swoop valentine
i broke down the complete timeline, lies, and cover ups surrounding travis scott's astroworld disaster, and let me tell you… balls will be punched. watch the deep dive here, it's alarming: https://youtu.be/uk2bqniwwm8
retweet to be my next shout out!
lol you're done bro 
 and im here for your downfall
lembram-se da bebida cacti do travis scott ? 
pois é, acaba de ser cancelada e descontinuada!
attorney for astroworld victims blasts travis scott for 'shifting blame to somebody else' - cazy...
tony buzzbee, attorney for several of the astroworld victims, has blasted travis scott for not taking responsibility for his actions. “axel acosta and the many others killed or injured 
travis scott nods and smiles as people scream “help!” at #astrofest.  04
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer is discontinued by anheuser-busch - 2 spend less
a rep for travis scott tells tmz, “travis was clear in his interview that he is not focused on business right now and his priority is helping his community and fans heal. cacti asked ab inbev to...
rappers that i was wrong about whose appeal i eventually understood
2020 - machine gun kelly
#chr1 your favorite songs music rock pop dance latino antidote - travis scott on https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/201821
like for example these travis scott's only had eight pairs come out and the price is ridiculous
travis scott - astroworld
#nowplaying - now playing on "http://dnaradio.net" - erica banks feat. travis scott - buss it (remix) (dirty) #follow us on #tunein #listen #hiphop #internetradio
that travis scott interview was not necessary america got this new way of apologizing in this interview form shit corny
kitsune will be 33 on dec 15th party popper
wasn't that travis scott's brand? that's probably why
oooof. where mama kardashian now, can she save you thooo bahaha #done
real life spill ent radio
young thug, travis scott, gunna - hot (remix) [feat. gunna and travis scott]
listen live https://s2-gravelines.radio.co/s0a15d4f57/listen
travis scott seltzer discontinued, says report
blackinformant firecrownfire
how missed warning signs at travis scott's astroworld festival led to tragedy
houstonchronicle.com
how warning signs leading up to deadly astroworld festival show catastrophe weeks in the making
a houston chronicle investigation uncovered critical failures by multiple authorities and missed warning signs at travis scott's astroworld festival, where 10 people died and countless others were...
i cant put my finger on it, but travis scott looks weird. like some feature of his is extreme and unnatural looking and i just cant figure it out.
kylie jenner & travis scott rumors much less attention-grabbing than beforehand thought #music https://internetmarket-place.com/mytv/ https://celeb.dripepic.com/?p=9889
no puedo vivir una navidad sin feudo
4. sky fire y the end ambos tienen la misma puntuacion para mi
watch "a conversation with travis scott and charlamagne tha god" on youtube
a conversation with travis scott and charlamagne tha god
charlamagne tha god and travis scott in his first interview since the tragedies at the astroworld festival. during this open conversation, scott goes in dept...
#musictrendingnow fair trade by drake f./travis scott on star!
𝙏𝙍𝙀𝙉𝘿𝙎𝘾𝘼𝙉.𝙉𝙀𝙏 droplet︎
travis scott's spiked seltzer brand cacti discontinued, anheuser-busch announces https://trendscan.net/travis-scotts-spiked-seltzer-brand-cacti-discontinued-anheuser-busch-announces/ #entertainment
check out bubbly (with drake & travis scott) [explicit] by drake on amazon music
bubbly (with drake & travis scott) [explicit] – young thug feat. drake & travis scott
#nowplaying fair trade by drake ft. travis scott on http://nichenationradio.com
big bankroll blue heart
i just feel like stop trying to be god by travis scott is about kylie & idk why..thinking face
travis scott feat. young thug & m.i.a. - franchise (official music video) https://youtu.be/_vryoanf9sk via 
travis scott feat. young thug & m.i.a. - franchise (official music...
"franchise" available at: https://travisscott.lnk.to/franchisedirected by travis scottshot by white trash tyler & jordan hemingwayus scenes produced by randy...
travis scott聴いてたら3回はイく
the way bad bunny copied travis scott was unapologetic as 
negative squared latin capital letter b£0çhëæd - xmas troll
travis scott and anhueser busch have agreed to discontinue the “cacti” brand hard seltzer. both parties agreeing it's time to focus on the victims of the astroworld tragedy and to also stop losing money every fucking day on this piece of shit product
current shoe list lololol.
7- aj11 cool grey 2021
10.5- yzy 350 cloud nr
10.5- air jordan 4 travis scott
11- aj4 union guava ice
12.5- nike dunk high x notre blue
12.5- yzy 350 static reflective
13- yzy foam runner mx cream clay
all classic hits music pop rock dance now playing antidote - travis scott on https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/201916
you catchin covid if you ate the travis scott meal
in an hour-long interview with radio host charlamagne tha god, travis scott said he didn't know fans were being injured while he was on stage at the astroworld festival in houston last month
travis scott says he didn't know astroworld fans were in trouble in new interview
“you have a view of like 50,000 people. you've got sound, lights, pyro, inner ear sound, you've got your mic. you've got music. you've got your bands. all type of stuf…
el rapero travis scott reapareció ante las cámaras tras la tragedia en el festival #astroworld. estas fueron parte de sus declaraciones down pointing backhand index
travis scott ofrece su primera entrevista tras tragedia en astroworld
el rapero travis scott reapareció ante las cámaras tras la tragedia en el festival astroworld, estas fueron parte de sus declaraciones.
they are discontinuing travis scott's cacti seltzer, like i hated them… but this man is really going thru it
i feel bad wearing this travis scott skin on fortnite sending kids to the morgue
travis scott is the most articulate man in hip hop
that's awfully weird to comment on a post about travis scott , i'm canceling you
if you ain't travis scott i'm blocking you
i'm so dead at how nobody barely paid any attention to that travis scott interview
1) kendrick lamar- wesley's theory 
2) travis scott-pornography
3) kanye west- dark fantasy
4) future- thought it was a drought 
5) danny brown- downward spiral
carol security breach
se depois q isso aconteceu, vc ainda escuta, segue ou consome qualquer tipo de mídia que envolve o travis scott eu tenho zero respeito por vc
eu tô vendo o vídeo da swoop sobre o caso do travis scott e astroworld…e eu quero que todo mundo que: escute ele, siga ele, apoie ele, tenham nem q seja um átomo de empatia por ele vá pra puta que pariu
542 “you knows” in 52 minutes. everybody has their stutters but travis does nothing but stutter. he really insisted on releasing this interview? #astroworld #astroworldfest #kyliejenner #travisscott #kimkardashian
i'm telling you #travisscott gone be crazy after all this. music wise. #illuminati is real remember that.
i'm not watching that travis scott interview. not today
#nowplaying travis scott ft. andre 3000 - the ends
ollywopmusicgroup.com
the "stand alone flagship station" for the up and coming independent artists in the ollywop radio network. artists can only go up from here as intellectuals and as artists taking independent stands...
(insert travis scott lyrics here)
"travis scott is an absolute terrible excuse of a human being" - hot tea go off gurl
  random thoughts at work. yo travis you got to drop some i survived astro world merch n idk maybe that last incident in houston ya know the victims put they faces on some merch!!!!!?
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer discontinued by anheuser-busch – billboard
anheuser-busch inbev revealed friday (dec. 10) that it is discontinuing its travis scott-backed hard seltzer brand, cacti, less than nine months after the product first went on sale. “after careful…
#travisscott gonna lose everything behind this concert
they doing travis scott wrong for some shit he ain't do.
i dont wanna sound ignorant but why do i feel like travis scott didnt do shit? like idk why hes being punished. can someone elaborate why is this his fault?
he literally pointed out things wrong in the crowd yet finished his entire set. the definition of gross negligence. stop being ignorant and maybe i'll cut you a break
i finished my thesis for college on crowd mentality after what happened at #astroworld . the result of what happened is due to mob mentality and oxytocin and i think i have a solution to the problem. if anyone sees this i want to share what i got with someone in charge. 
miles does music (taylor's version)
it seems interview with 
 is a real waste of time if you were looking for remorse and further context and a strategic move for him, being helped along by 
si lo hace el alfa es un lambon y copión de travis scott pero lo hace el conejo el mejor coño.
world's greatest millennial dad
oh my god travis scott did a damage control interview with charlemagne tha date rapist
omg may ugok na pfp travis scott
bruh we are watching this travis scott charlemagne interview. this man said “ambulances don't have red and blue lights so i didn't know what it was” he is on video saying it is an ambulance
negligence is committing a crime without intention. what crime exactly did he commit? not hearing a group of people yell stop the concert under the roaring chants of 50,000 people? lmfao give me a break
 when he does the sit downs with artist are top tier. 
 you'll get through this. we still with you!
follow buzzworldhiphop
#travisscott's cacti hard seltzer will have to find a new home if it hopes to continue, because anheuser-busch has made the decision to discontinue the beverage. this comes after travis scott concert astroworld
 which left multiple people dead.
eu n achei q teria q discutir com alguém q defende a conduta do travis scott, é o fim do mundo msm
northamericahiphop.com
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer is discontinued by anheuser-bu
travis scott because his shoes stomp the competition
travis scott's hard seltzer has reportedly been discontinued just over a month after a crowd surge killed 10 people and injured many others at his performance during the astroworld festival i…
the yassification of travis scott
travis scott- sicko mode
travis scott be like
here is the minnesota twins new first base and catching coach face with tears of joy
travis scott's coachella performance canceled by goldenvoice https://kesq.com/news/2021/12/10/travis-scotts-coachella-performance-canceled-by-goldenvoice/
gtfo! #travisscott smiling face with 3 hearts
travis scott's coachella performance canceled by goldenvoice - kesq
travis scott is no longer performing at coachella 2022, according to reports from the city of indio and the community services manager jim curtis. this comes as controversies continue to swirl after...
larissa lobo flag of honduras
travis scott is gross idk how y'all can still stomach him he's got zero empathy
lmao travis scott ass is a walking l rn
you're a clown face trying to defend that man
can we talk about drakes album having a pregnant ladies and the fact that kylie jenner is too! seems coincidental. #travisscott
leaf fluttering in wind niclaoss globe with meridians
um dos meus vídeos favoritos da internet é o travis scott ouvindo a parte do drake em skico mode
its crazy how yall letting the world crucify my guy 
 its crazy how yall changed up so fast. ill say it for him. 
de q sirven tantos conciertos sino viene travis scott para morirme ya d una puta vez
anheuser-busch opts to stop selling travis scott's cacti 
adam (❄ uncle josh era ❄)
gurl. i couldn't with the black and white filter, literally now on snapchat you can use the travis scott filter rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing
i really want to hate travis scott but he made 90210
#nowplaying "mafia" by travis scott on 
travis scott - mafia
listen to mafia on tidal
they doing travis scott wrong or na?
the scotts, travis scott, kid cudi - the scotts
petition to remove firetravis scott firereaching 60,000 signatures https://change.org/p/aeg-remove-travis-scott-as-a-goldenvoice-performer #coachella #travisscott
travis scott removed from coachella 2022 lineup, after petition https://hip-hopvibe.com/news/travis-scott-removed-from-coachella-2022-lineup-after-petition/
travis scott ain't got shit on how amazon about skirt all responsibility in this.
amazon distribution warehouse in edwardsville, ill. is partially collapsed after friday tornado.
new oberpfalz brewing
travis scott had a good look?
yall see that travis scott interview? 
my man said, "you know" 5x in one sentence.  shit had me cracking up
sylvester stillstoned
damn mans just tried to sell me fake travis scott's i'm appalled
travis n0 tuv0 la kulpa d la g3nte k n0 c controlaba!!!!
vavaaal manithan movie camera
these are firee firefirefirefirefire
dooo it! charts | zerocharts
all of travis scott's chart history has been removed from dooo it! charts.
travis scott's adult beverage 'cacti' has been discontinued - grittycelebrity
all good things must come to an end! if you're a hard seltzer consumer, one of them will no longer be an option for purchase. according to reports from
ese chiste de que todos los mae negros con trenzas se parecen a travis scott no es tan gracioso :/
that nigga got a song called travis scott concert. this the rap i miss. #kaiju
travis scott really is the bootleg version of asap rocky
i will die a travis scott fan. never switch up on the gang.
anheuser-busch opts to stop selling travis scott's cacti hard seltzer • usmail24
travis scott's vanity hard seltzer brand, cacti, will no longer be sold in another setback for the rapper in the wake of the astroworld scandal. brewing giant anheuser-busch, which produced the...
travis scott is taking the biggest l i ever seen a artist takewoozy face
young thug ft. gunna & travis scott - hot
young thug - bubbly (with drake & travis scott) [official lyric video] https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=9yzixdnnvgw&feature=share via 
epic rap battles of history: alec baldwin vs. travis scott
anheuser-busch opts to stop selling travis scott's cacti hard seltzer but doesn't say if it's related to the tragic astroworld concert https://t.me/dailymailceleb/91390
 we didn't forget. own up to your mistakes.
 #nowplaying sza   - love galore (feat. travis scott) 
all hitz & throwbacks, no commercials #922thagoatradio
http://radioking.com/radio/922-thagoatradio
he doesn't love you, jsyk
鬼滅の刃(one hand dan) ferry
if travis scott dropped utopia would it be bad for him to do so face with tears of joy i think so
travis scott from fortnitecactusfire
day 110 of posting travis until he returns to the item shop! 
yuriy andriyashchukflag of ukraineflag of russia
coachella got rid of travis scott from their 2022 lineup today, and now, his cacti seltzer drinks aren't being sold anymore, for now. the #astroworldfest backlash definitely won't stop anytime soon. i have more info on 
travis scott's “cacti agave spiked seltzer” drink sales discontinued, as astroworld festival backlash continues https://hip-hopvibe.com/news/travis-scotts-cacti-agave-spiked-seltzer-drink-sales-discontinued-as-astroworld-festival-backlash-continues/
yournewsobsession | celebrity gossip blog
yournewsobsession.com
all good things must come to an end! if you're a hard seltzer consumer, one of them will no longer be an option for purchase. according to reports from tmz, anheuser-busch will no longer be t…
i really can't believe travis scott sat his narrow black ass across from charlemagne and started talking about the future of astroworld like these ppl just didn't bury their loved ones.
travis scott's “cacti agave spiked seltzer” drink sales discontinued, as astroworld festival backlash continues
travis scott's “cacti agave spiked seltzer” drink sales discontinued, as astroworld festival...
travis scott is still getting widespread criticism, due to the aftermath of his astroworld festival that occurred, last month. over 300 people were injured, and 10 lost their lives. the houston...
gabi butterflyscarfobx³ is coming
5:39 pm pt -- a rep for travis scott tells tmz, "travis was clear in his interview that he is
prime time #99 alex stein
special guest nuk santiago astroworld mass casualty event survivor travis scott expose
travis scott n alec baldwin trying to split the check at an applebee's there you go snl
he keeps pretending he's going to “travis scott” after this. he's done. no venue of city will ever want him to perform again.
"it's true, i was high the whole time. took me hours to realize i was at my own concert."
i will admit it. i tried travis scott's cacti seltzer. it was by far the worst of all the hard seltzers. literally undrinkable. the product deserved to be discontinued far before astroworld. in light of the deaths, i hope they take all his fuckin money
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer discontinued by anheuser-busch
travis scott's adult beverage 'cacti' has been discontinued - currentnewstv.com
all good things must come to an end! if you're a hard seltzer consumer, one ... read moretravis scott's adult beverage 'cacti' has been discontinued
www.currentnewstv.com
the black rick rubin
hear me out… dancing with the stars season with tory lanez, da baby, jusse smollet and travis scott.
that cacti shit wasn't nothin' but white claw. might be the only miss of travis scott's career.
alguien mas q quiera hacer la comparación de bad bunny y travis scott? callense ya tienen el tweet quemao
skulllysatekilahskull
bad bunny = travis scott 
rainbowrainbowrainbowrainbowrabbit face
travis scott seltzer discontinued, report says
bizzy black heartearth globe europe-africagoat
yooo, new to hip hop twitter hoping to find some mutuals who fw these artists like i do 
retweets are appreciated so i can find my mutualsblack heart
travis scott's interview is such an enigma lowkey because how insane is it to go from being the guy that thought he could say and do anything to becoming the guy that literally can't say anything at all anymore without incriminating himself or the people that hire him lmao
kris jenner after all this astroworld madness. here comes kim,pete,khloe,tristan and now chyna face with tears of joy 
  workin ot #missuniverse #astroworld #travisscott #krisjenner #kimkardashian #twitter
melontravis scottbasketball
iain get nothing outta this char-la-ga-mane *webbie vc* and travis scott interview….
anthony fantano (10 minute version)
travis scott's first interview since the astroworld disaster https://youtu.be/lfpzvsxsxqi
anheuser-busch issued an announcement saying they “decided to stop all production and brand development.” it appears that travis scott and his group thought that his intimate interview with charlam…
travis scott is stupid as hell but his music is still good so i'm gonna listen to it on soundcloud so he doesn't get paid
boyzndavut da mr.different 4:44
inevitable ver esas fotos de la escenografía del concierto de badbunny y no pensar en travis scott y el lío aquel..
travis scott looks like he has hands, i'd like to see him and drake settle this kylie issue like men face with tears of joyeyes
it's travis scott. you can't expect much from him. we'll see though
y si bad tiene como sorpresa un featuring con travis scott?
i would give up my first child to hear travis scott/the weeknd performing live
i know this is extremely toxic but if anyone's death deserves to be celebrated it's travis scott's
phenomenally melanated
you know how travis scott & kylie jenner are together but not together?? they about to be official soon.
the following media includes potentially sensitive content. change settings
 for an interview posted on the radio host's channel. | by 
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy
rapper claims he didn't know what was going on until much after the concert.
no disrespect, nike y'all gotta figure out something y'all can call these shoes whatever you want but y'all can't discontinue the travis scott collab
we need a free travis scott concert from kanye in exchange for bad bunny cuz this light skinned nigga gotta go to oso blanco
travis scott removed from coachella 2022 lineup, after petition
when it rains, it pours, with travis scott removed from coachella 2022 lineup. after his astroworld festival ended with nine people dead, scott has faced all kinds of backlash. still, he was on the...
don toliver ft. travis scott | flocky flocky | life of a don
why you got the travis scott filter on ya meat
allright #steaktwitter. bone in rib eye what do u think?
bad bunny and travis scott the new osama bin laden and boko 
ave maria queria tá fumando da boca do taehyung pique kylie jenner e travis scott
travis scott - sicko mode ft. drake https://youtu.be/6onrf7h3mdk via 
travis scott - sicko mode ft. drake
"sicko mode" by travis scott featuring drakelisten to travis scott: https://travisscott.lnk.to/listenydsubscribe to the official travis scott youtube channel...
if y'all gon stop fuckin with travis scott just switch over to don toliver
travis scott losing them endorsement 1 by 1.
according to reports, anheuser-busch has discontinued travis scott's cacti hard seltzer amid the astroworld tragedy. while it's not immediately cle...
dj vlad - vladtv.com
yakima - in an exclusive interview with charlamagne tha god, travis scott spoke out about the crowd surge that happened at the astroworld music festival while he was preforming saying he's not to blame.
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld crowd surge
yakima - in an exclusive interview with charlamagne tha god, travis scott spoke out about the crowd surge that happened at the astroworld music festival while he was preforming saying
why is travis scott speaking with the first holy romen emperor
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer discontinued
manufacturer anheuser-busch announced the end of the brand after less than a year in stores
laura ramos beltran hernandezpuzzle piecechart with upwards trendox⚡tulip
travis scott going through his saturn return in aquarius high voltage sign square taurus sun 
his identity being striked by discipline and responsibility
aderonke adeyemo raised fist
travis scott career keeps taking astronomical hits.
travis scott speaks out about astroworld victims in first interview since tragedy
during his emotional interview with charlamagne tha god, the grammy-nominated artist maintained his innocence claiming that he had no idea that crowd-goers were being trampled during his performance.
travis scott looks like ninja man lol
breaking: travis scott's 'cacti' seltzers have been officially discontinued double exclamation markflushed face
travis scott's hard seltzer has reportedly been discontinued just over a month after a crowd surge killed 10 people and injured many others at his performance during the astroworld festival in houston
mafia - travis scott firefirefirehandshake
i will never understand village tavern - literally a travis scott concert lol
freq radio network - download our app
#nowplaying young thug feat. j. cole & travis scott - the london 
click here to listen 
rightwards arrow http://bit.ly/listen2freq  
#freqnetwork #rock #pop #hiphopmusic #rap #playlists  #dance #hiphop #top40 follow us 
i'm finna start treating mother fuckers how travis scott did at his concert reversed hand with middle finger extendeddash symbolhundred points symbol
yo yo yo muthafucka whats good haha maayne shiiiid
did not give a fuck to watch that travis scott interview lol
travis scott did nothing wrong
damn they discontinued the travis scott waters rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing
drake feat. travis scott - fair trade
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer is discontinued by anheuser-
5:39 pm pt — a rep for travis scott tells tmz, “travis was clear in his interview that he is not focused on business right now and his priority is helping his community and fans heal. c…
 just watched your doc on #astroworld and the part when you said “travis scott can fuck off”… completely agree.
sheffield has never got over hillsborough and no one should ever get over astroworld.
travis scott downfall: astroworld… lies, cover up & what no one is talki... https://youtu.be/uk2bqniwwm8 via 
 swoop says it like it is! #astroworld
travis scott downfall: astroworld… lies, cover up & what no one is...
cerebral offers convenient, online expert help for your emotional health, including anxiety, insomnia, depression, adhd (in certain states) and more. start t...
update on travis drink .rep for travis scott tells tmz, "travis was clear in his interview that he is not focused on business right now and his priority is helping his community and fans heal. cacti asked ab inbev to inform their wholesalers there will not be product at this time
hillbillies attack the capitol 
a young couple's road trip ended in tragedy 
alec baldwin killed a woman 
travis scott's concert turned into a bloodbath 
kim is leaving kanye for pete davidson and kanye is holding her leg begging her to stay
in the aftermath of the astroworld festival tragedy, travis scott offered to pay for the funeral expenses of the 10 victims who died. at least 6 of the 10 victims' families declined scott's offer, according to their attorneys.
travis scott seltzer discontinued, says report http://dlvr.it/sf8y4j #hrva
travis scott's hard seltzer cacti discontinued: report https://hotnewhiphop.com/travis-scotts-hard-seltzer-cacti-discontinued-report-news.144416.html?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
nike air jordan 6 x travis scott "british khaki"
#travisscott #airjordan #sneakersbr 
making sense of travis scott's street race, and what followed
running back to back matched with the travis scott skin in fortnite as mourning
travis scott says “he didn't know”
money doesn't fix the problem unfortunately
anheuser-busch has discontinued #travisscott's #cacti hard seltzer
travis scott concert, part 2
“se nos han desmayado ya casi 4 personas”
was gonna turn how many times 
 said “ya know” during his interview with 
 into a drinking game but quickly realized i'd be blackout in [on average] a minute. here are my results, tallied, with time stamps. 542 “ya knows” in. 52 mins. #astroworld #travisscott
travis scott is fighting for his life in this interview boy.
now playing : young thug - bubbly (with drake & travis scott) ->->http://1063atl.com  tune in now.
travis scott sucks but i like his music.
watching this really makes me pissed off, this purchase is almost worse than me buying travis scott fortnite figures.
they should let travis scott sing the national anthem next inauguration.
travis scott i like that guy fr he cool
travis scott is only human
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer is discontinued by anheuser-busch - gossip addiction
a rep for travis scott tells tmz, "travis was clear in his interview that he is not focused on business right now and his priority is helping his community
victim's attorney claims travis scott's interview 'didn't heal anyone'
travis scott discusses 'astroworld' tragedy with charlamagne tha god
nike is seriously debating about dropping 
 next week after his interview with 
oh maaaan, fuck travis scott but im also heartbroken
parece que el concierto de benito es un desastre en la organización, ojalá no llegue a niveles travis scott.
i would've sued travis scott for a grillion dollars
travis scott continues to sing as he watched a passed-out fan at #astrofest.  
travis scott makes important move following 'concert massacre'
travis scott makes important move following 'concert massacre' - wao technology
travis scott made an important move following the recent concert massacre. check out the latest reports that have been revealed by the shade room. 'earlier this week, #travisscott gave his first...
in the aftermath of the astroworld festival tragedy, travis scott offered to pay for the funeral expenses of the ten victims who died. at least 6 of the 10 victims' families declined scott's offer, according to their attorneys.
more than half of victims' families declined travis scott's offer to pay for funeral costs
in the aftermath of the astroworld festival tragedy, travis scott offered to pay for the funeral expenses of the ten victims who died. at least 6 of the 10 victims'
bad bunny nos hizo un travis scott #pfknr
travis scott…… face screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fear am yupr biggest mollusca
fireyour favorite online goddess smiling face with horns
take a shot every time #travisscott says "ya know" skullskullface with tears of joyface with tears of joy
xxxhawthorne heightsxxx
 travis scott's cacti hard seltzer discontinued manufacturer anheuser-busch annou
dizzy symbolpeace symbol on the market
yeah it was travis scott performing but is it really his fault?? only ? i mean come on
this #teagif episode on 
 is really keeping us 100% interesting tonight!
 were all giving their own take on #travisscott, after he broke his silence about last month's #astroworld incident during an interview yesterday
take me out to dinnuh
i aint kno that cacti drink was travis scott's
raheem trade mark sign
i'm listening to put on by jeezy and kanye and travis scott is definitely a version of kanye
i love travis scott so much omg
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer discontinued https://pitchfork.com/news/travis-scotts-cacti-hard-seltzer-discontinued?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
honestly it kinda grosses me out how fast a very recent tragedy is being sold as entertainment. immediately after the travis scott deaths there were feature length films being cranked out. it's messed up. a woman died. stream next day on hulu. what the fuck??
lil baby & lil durk ft travis scott - hats off (dirty)
if you want to know the truth about how f'ed up travis scott astroworld was check out youtube: travis scott downfall astroworld lies, cover-up and with no one is talking about by swoop
rosana perez centeno
un copiete de travis scott… smirking face
remember when those travis scott seltzers barely came out lmao waste of money
travis scott moonshine industry about to blow up.
anheuser-busch is discontinuing travis scott's cacti hard seltzer - northamericahiphop
over the last couple years, the world of hard seltzer was exploding with new additions. it seemed like every time you turned around, another brand had
travis scott - escape plan speaker with three sound wavesspeaker with three sound wavesspeaker with three sound wavesspeaker with three sound waves
no one left for no reason 
stop killing logics 
it's better to stop show in hand rather than becoming second travis scott
la costra nostrandtriangular flag on post
travis scott losing mad endorsements
travis scott is ass inside out
listening to: "big shot (with travis scott)" by "kendrick lamar" 
https://open.spotify.com/track/5cxg9iqs34fzlvdhhp7hu7 
#spotify #music #nowplaying #musicislife
big shot (with travis scott)
kendrick lamar · song · 2018
travis scott??????? vibes
the big homiedirect hit
when you go to a travis scott concert and wake up at a juice wrld one
if you keep shooting for the moon, one day you hit it, right smirking faceleft-facing fistgreen heart
ponemos mac miller o travis scott y somos por escándalo la mejor cocina de posadas
travis scott says he trusted 'professionals' to handle safety in first post-astroworld interview https://billboard.com/music/music-news/travis-scott-astroworld-interview-trusted-safety-to-professionals-1235007577/ via 
travis scott says he trusted 'professionals' to handle safety in first post-astroworld interview
travis scott discussed the astroworld festival in his first interview since the tragedy, and said he trusted professionals to handle safety.
don't say that cuz u never know it'll end up like a travis scott concert tyna
estou usando rodeo do travis scott como música para estudar e relaxar mas por algum motivo indecifrável não consigo me concentrar no texto thinking face
travis scott still the goat idc
big fuccin sade smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat
they doing travis scott badddd
damn they just discontinued travis scott cacti drink
young people who attend music festivals and concerts should all have their eyes on these lawsuits with travis scott this really cannot be covered up and forgotten without accountability
can you read english?
i'm literally saying the same thing in both tweets:  travis scott only cares about covering his ass. he only cares about himself.  he does not care about the people who died because of his actions.
i almost feel bad for travis scott.
deity of africa sun with face
 music on repeat day and night so bro can eat
 . i dont know if you rem me. they suspended my account for being upset at travis scott (no profanity) something the whole world did.
but they suspended me. unbelievable.
das why i get no bitches man facepalmingman facepalmingman facepalming cause im so loyal and such a great man
eso va terminar como el concierto de metallica, con suerte no como el de travis scott.
no hay heroes ahi fresh . travis scott parte 2
yo, kd loves them travis scott 1's man lol
these bitches want a man named barthomelew
carol alfonso flag of puerto rico face with medical mask mask on!
que no se repita lo de #astroworldfest con #travisscott...  #badbunny rabbit face fue uno de los que se iba a presentar, pero se canceló por la tragedia que aconteció.
anybody believing this is real clearly fell for travis scott's apology too  #jaysheartbreak
mevsim #duyguicinadalet
travis scott edebiyat dersinden cikip ne demis?
osiris firefirefirehundred points symbolhundred points symbolhundred points symbol
ponsible pattern of behavior at his shows, but it did not prepare me to see this doc. 
highly recommend giving it a watch.
9:27 am · dec 11, 2021·twitter for android
there were failures of accountability at every step of the process. travis scott doesn't give a sh*t about his fans. astroworld's planners didn't care about safety. houston's pd and event 
duque de guaynabo crownman golfing
travis scott le textio a bas bunny para que cancele
vaccinatedtexasmaskwearer
we all know why he was convicted.  much like how travis scott is facing accountability, yet with all the evidence out there, 45 continues to say criminal things without consequence.
joy-ann (pro-democracy) reid face with medical mask
great point… face with monocle twitter.com/ejinaction/sta…
this travis scott interview is a hot mess smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat
wooow why y'all cancel cacti pouting facepouting face that lime was goated !!!! 
young thug - bubbly (with drake & travis scott) [official audio]
uffff travis scott should've never done that interview with charlemagne
is travis scott finished? damn “one false move, you a goner ” fr
didnt that piece of shit 
  want the lawsuits dismissed?
você vai dar a volta por cima meu mano 
police cars revolving light a empresa responsável por fornecer e produzir a bebida cacti, encerrou seu contrato com travis scott, menos de um ano após o início de comercialização do produto.
a decisão veio devido à publicidade negativa do rapper e seu respectivo trabalho, além do decaimento de vendas.
i'm actually disappointed in 
 for agreeing to do the interview with 
they stripped travis scott career from him in a blink of an eye.
 & #pettyuniveristy. don't let #travisscott's pr & legal teams let you forget he  is trash. i hope those families win  their lawsuits.  "#astroworld… lies, cover up & what no one is talking about.." https://youtu.be/uk2bqniwwm8 via 
travis scott's cacti seltzer is discontinued by anheuser-busch.
whothefcktakemyaccount
this look like travis scott apology video
anheuser-busch inbev revealed today that it is discontinuing its travis scott-backed hard seltzer brand, cacti.
travis scott's 'cacti' hard seltzer has been discontinued by the manufacturer  anheuser-busch inbev
toasty digital's next one
birds in the trap sing mcknight by travis scott mixed with sex machine by james brown
two boys in a room they might kiss...
 can you fulfill my dream and get me travis scott 1 high for the culture? please.
sleepymatriz (toosii the best artist in the world)
have u seen travis scott concerts before its just all chaos he knew bro cmon
tem o do travis scott na netflix é muito bom
gracias travis scott yhe jair mercedes cruz te amo dios i love god
crush just said “can you bring condoms me and your brother watching a movie later” honestly wish i went to travis scott concert
travis scott interview is a full load of crap lol
 travis scott moment
travis scott is a person who cares a lot about his public image. during the peak of covid last year, his management team contacted me about doing a profile for the newsweek magazine but he needed to be on the cover.
travis scott makes his first public appearance since the tragic events of his astroworld festival in an interview with charlamagne tha god.
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer is discontinued by anheuser-busch https://tmz.com/2021/12/10/travis-scott-cacti-hard-seltzer-discontinued-anheuser-busch/
labelleperfumery.wordpress.com
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer will have to find a new home if it hopes to continue, because anheuser-busch has made the decision to discontinue the beverage. in an announcement friday, ab…
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy https://deseret.com/entertainment/2021/12/10/22828201/travis-scott-breaks-silence-on-astroworld-tragedy?utm_campaign=gitanjalipoonia&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter
travis scott burger bot
utah girl dreamed about eating a travis scott burger -- woke up to find they really did!
watching travis scott interview with cthegod
travis scott's interview didn't heal anyone, says victim's attorney
travis scott says he broke his silence to start a healing process with his fans, and the families of astroworld victims, but an attorney for one of those families says the rapper's words did nothing...
some of the families of the 10 people who died at the astroworld music festival are calling out houston rapper travis scott over his recent interview.
'travis scott is not the victim' | families, lawyers of astroworld victims respond to rapper's...
"that's what he's supposed to do. try to clean the mess," said the family of rudy peña. "do you people believe he is honest? i don't think so."
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer is discontinued by anheuser-busch https://ift.tt/3gyq7xt
well, i'll miss cacti, but this is the right decision. fuck travis scott
travis scott + charlemagne interview | alicia keys on lil mama | leticia... https://youtu.be/ljtnhwp1i-m via 
travis scott + charlemagne interview | alicia keys on lil mama |...
when i say that idk why travis did that interview :( it was not giving what they thought it was giving at all. alicia keys talked about that legendary moment...
mais que o travis scott caindo do palco
wonder if nike is gonna stop making shoes with travis scott.
travis scott's cacti hard seltzer is discontinued by anheuser-busch https://tmz.com/2021/12/10/travis-scott-cacti-hard-seltzer-discontinued-anheuser-busch/ (#siguemeytesigo) (#followback) (#news) (#sdv)
i found this on newsbreak – the #1 local news app used by 45+ million people: travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy: 'i have a responsibility'
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy: 'i have a responsibility' - newsbreak
travis scott says he is “1000 percent” sure he did everything he could to help dying audience members during the astroworld tragedy. in his first interview since the nov. 5 hip-hop festival that...
hallaca navideña sparkles
lit, me compre una camisa gris, un sueter negro y un pantalón negro hoy xdddd
ah, y unas jordan 1 x travis scott (o como se escriba) tipo botas marrones
#siemprefortnite uno de los eventos que rompió récord y impresión sin duda fue el de travis scott, dió mucha emoción, también el fin del capítulo 1 fue impresionante ver cómo fortnite evoluciono con el tiempo, bueno los que ya jugamos desde hace tiempo tienen ese afecto al juego
#entérate #reflector 
right pointing backhand index travis scott  se niega a asumir responsabilidad y minimiza tragedia de #astroworld 
nota completadown pointing backhand index
travis scott se niega a asumir responsabilidad y minimiza tragedia de astroworld |
redacción unnimedios.- este jueves charlemagne tha god publicó una entrevista en la que travis scott rompe el silencio sobre la tragedia ocurrida en astroworld, concierto organizado por él en el que...
travis scott i clearly do not understand how or why you can deny any legal liability for the tragedy in the astroworld music festival
red circle dbl | streaming now 
right-pointing triangle https://youtu.be/5ks1dbiptum
- #jussiesmollett: should he serve jail time?
- #astroworld: #travisscott's first comments
- #adele: pricey las vegas residency - sold out!
travis scott might have 7 or 10 bodyguards but i have bodyguard and it's allahhundred points symbolred heart
josé alejandro (quillo)
la clara, a punto de un accidente el concierto de bad bunny. travis scott part 2
firemoney with wings
those travis scott are calling my name, imma just shut my eye and buy it face with rolling eyes
people really are blaming travis scott for shit his fans did that's crazy, no accountability
anheuser-busch inbev is pulling the plug on its travis scott-backed hard seltzer brand, cacti, less than a year after it went on sale. eyes
anheuser-busch inbev revealed that it is discontinuing its travis scott-backed hard seltzer brand cacti less than nine months after it first went on sale.
watching this charlemagne and travis scott interview has me feeling all types of thrown off. he's basically asking him “how fucked up were you not to sense the urgency from your fans?”
the city of #indio could not confirm reports friday that #travisscott had been removed from the #coachella lineup.
has travis scott been removed from the coachella lineup? here's what the city of indio says
the city of indio could not confirm reports friday that the rapper had been removed from the festival lineup.
non fungible tura satana
que gufiao, vamos a tener nuestro papelón a lo travis scott.
travis scott's interview with charlamagne tha god comes after he denied legal liability for the astroworld tragedy in court documents.
travis scott said he feels the media are forcing responsibility for the astroworld tragedy onto him...
"well, yeah, you know, i'm the face of the festival, i'm a artist, so yeah, the media is…they wanna put it on me."
tsunami nami water wave
sprinkle roscoe dash, kbzo, travis scottskull
saya menjual travis scott x fragment x n... seharga rp. dapatkan di shopee sekarang! https://shopee.co.id/sixteen_shoess/15216192374 #shopeeid
travis scott will be real in 6 minutes
« et cet album de travis scott il est avec nous dans cette pièce ? »
eh sumpah serem bgt masa gue mimpi travis scott ke rumah gue mau konser
travis scott deserves to lose his career over what happened in houston bro.
this wasn't a travis scott song?????? bombaaa
that's kinda mad.  twitter.com/_tejaaa/status…
sᴀɪɴᴛꜱ aʀᴛʜᴜʀ fleur-de-lis christmas treewrapped presentsnowman
van a salir hasta que regrese la skin de travis scott a la tienda de objetos
ouça lens - frank ocean w/ travis scott de travis scott no #soundcloud
lens - frank ocean w/ travis scott
may la flame live forever
if a kid takes his dads gun out of the closet and the kid accidentally pulls the trigger, and the kid dies, then the dad is responsible. it's called gross negligence. same law will be applied to travis scott.
si pasa como el concierto de travis scott
#triller #verses #music #friday #nightlife #lilbaby #dababy #travisscott
now playing watch by travis scott f. kanye west & lil uzi vert on 
frank ocean/travis scott
band:motionless in white
no travis scott definitely said he was going to pay for the funerals and they denied his offer but still trying to sue him? at least that's the last i heard but feel free to attach any information you find out saying otherwise
crownmissfleektrade mark signrosehoney pot
literal joke that everyone expecting the world from travis scott but trump got a side eye
travis scott denied knowing fans were hurt in first sit-down since astroworld tragedy
travis scott denies knowing fans were hurt in first sit-down since astroworld tragedy
'i'm the face of the festival, i'm a[n] artist, so yeah, the media is... they wanna put it on me.'
(top 0.5% oasis listener)
i love listening to travis scott and playboy carti - chris benoit
travis scott is a whole ass bitch and anyone on his side is too
travis scott is doing his level best to push all responsibility for astroworld casualties onto anyone other than himself -- that's how an attorney for one of the victims views the rapper's first interview about the tragedy. http://tmz.me/zgt2qe0
free drake type beat x travis scott "blasphemy"  clb type beat | rap beats https://youtu.be/l5hjgocoxg8 via 
free drake type beat x travis scott "blasphemy" clb type beat | rap...
rara (ft. lil uzi vert)
bitch my argument was solely to the dude i replied to stating that travis scott didn't put on the astroworld festival and had no part in the planning. he literally created it and is the owner. you apparently can't read :)
travis scott - highest in the room
remember the travis scott concert talked about in roar episode "black gold"
well...same thing happening next two nights peurto rico
ep.234 black gold, texas tea. the alchemy. this is our most important...
this is the most important show we have ever done and we have only just begun this reveal. please pray for our safety. like and share.my liberty stand – taki...
imagine being a family who lost a loved one at #astroworld & watching #travisscott 's interview. what an insult. no genuine remorse & zero accountability.
recommended video. documents how scott has always treated his fans as expendable 
https://youtu.be/v7wu4rhrr6y 
astroworld 21: hell on earth
become a lord or lady today at https://www.establishedtitles.com/trap every lordship or ladyship title pack contributes to the preservation and protection of...
i'm not too keen to go to a hardcore concert, especially now with the whole travis scott incident
in the aftermath of the #astroworld festival tragedy, travis scott offered to pay for the funeral expenses of the 10 victims who died. at least seven of the victims' families declined scott's offer. #newsbreaklocal
more than half of victims' families declined travis scott's offer to pay for funeral costs -...
in the aftermath of the astroworld festival tragedy, travis scott offered to pay for the funeral expenses of the 10 victims who died. at least seven of the victims' families declined scott's offer,...
i mean seriously flushed face you know even if they didn't see the ppl, they saw those ambulances trying to get through the masses!! woman facepalming 
 as well!! everyone is accountable pouting face
best thing i've seen today
you are a pos. this has happened before. you dont give a shit about anyone but your money. hoping no buys your shit music ever again. enjoy the unemployment line.
si j'ai vérifié c'est bien travis scott sur l'image
travis scott fans fire
3/15/21 - 12/10/21 green heart
♫ #nowplaying “power is power” by sza, the weeknd, travis scott on #anghami
sza, the weeknd, travis scott - power is power | play on anghami
play and download "power is power" by "sza, the weeknd, travis scott" - i was born of the ice and snow with the winter wolves and the dark alone the wildest night, i became the one...pop, released on...
il n'est pas le responsable quand même.
travis scott qui se rapproche du halal
espero q um dia eu tenha dinheiro pra ir no show do travis scott
soss $δïyδn money with wings
travis scott need to expand his vocabulary. my god
travis scott nods and smiles as people scream “help!” at #astrofest.
travis scott hablando: u know u know u know u know u know u know u know u know u know u know u know
east west plug radio
#nowplaying lil baby & lil durk feat. travis scott  - hats off  https://radioking.com/radio/eastwestplugradio
young thug calcetine
travis scott and young thug are the best musical duo since mozart and bach
 get yo own alcohol manufacturer and make these 
anheuser-busch discontinues travis scott's cacti hard
now playing the scotts by travis scott & kid cudi! https://wgtsdb.out.airtime.pro/wgtsdb_a  listen mon-fri to; #thegudtymezshow - #thehonesttruth - #thejaythegreatshow- #sapphiresoup show - (saturday's) the marcus devine show https://wgtsdb.out.airtime.pro/wgtsdb_b https://wgt...
forgot to post this while ago but 
this vid got me in the first half not gon lie (cuz it was  a sacrifice)…u gotta watch this though eyes
bout travis scott + patrick beverley conspiracy… + the gematria + harvesting energy+concert smoke..+ prayers (prey).
travis scott never existeddouble exclamation mark
travis scott astroworld festival exposed!like & subscribe to conscious x bellsubscribe to my patreon: https://www.patreon.com/xanchezfollow my instagram: https...
to be fair, we know travis scott for the song "antidote", but i don't expect him to administer any.
now playing on #pacificcoastfm
post malone feat. ozzy osbourne & travis scott - take what you want
listen: https://audacy.com/pacificcoastfm/listen
listen: https://mytuner-radio.com/radio/pacific-coast-fm-478160/
listen: https://radioking.com/radio/pacificcoastfm
travis scott faces a new $10 billion astroworld lawsuit
rolling stone en español
#travisscott finalmente rompe el silencio sobre la tragedia de #astroworld. el rapero afirma que no supo que el festival de houston era un 'evento con víctimas múltiples'. downwards arrow
https://buff.ly/3diokja
even so, come, lord jesus!
 #maxwell #ghislainemaxwelltrial #ghislanemaxwell #epstein #treasure #trump #travisscott #astro
travis scott f. young thug & m.i.a. - franchise (po clean edit) theheavyweight dj rasheed
thenewmixtapefmhot965.com
welcome to the new mixtapefmhot965 radio station
yo escuchando praise god:sparklessparkles
yo enterandome que está travis scott en la canción: nauseated facenauseated face
kiss marklalacocktail glass
girl that's travis scott's festival
 harvey, why are you definitely blaming travis scott?
check out this listing i just added to my #poshmark closet: vintage nike center swoosh hoodie navy blue travis scott size medium pittsburgh. https://poshmark.com/listing/61b3dac54009773f92598718?utm_source=tw_sh&utm_content=ext_trk%3dbranch%26feature%3dsh_li_cl_web%26rfuid%3dext1%3a039041f8-4f23-4d84-9d11-d46fa951d026 #shopmycloset 
vintage nike center swoosh hoodie navy blue travis scott size medium pittsburgh
who the f*ck is taddy mason?!
travis scott currently has 3,000 open cases linked to that 
gabriel escola de samba
meus top artistas do spotify nas últimas semanas:
spottly - poste seus artistas mais ouvidos no twitter
com o spottly você pode visualizar e configurar postagem automáticas de seus artistas mais ouvidos no spotify
hot97 12x: fair trade (feat. travis scott (drake)
black information network
some of the attorneys representing the victims' families say the offer was "inappropriate." #travisscott #astroworldfestival
more than half of astroworld victims' families decline travis scott's offer to pay for funerals |...
attorneys for the families say the offer is 'demeaning' and 'inappropriate.'
watching travis scott's interview was cringgggge. he don't look sad at all woozy face
true + travis scott was the first
travis scott fan club double exclamation mark
travis scott watching drake at that concert like “man he was there too!” dizzy facedizzy facedizzy face
police cars revolving light la boisson alcoolisé de travis scott "cacti" est officiellement abandonnée !
le fabricant anheuser-busch inbev s'est retiré.
speaking head in silhouettepublic address loudspeaker
that interview between 
 was very disturbing but yet funny.. face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy
i think travis scott should be held accountable for his actions. that being said if you own any of his nike dunks, send them to me so i can dispose of them properly.
no people like uzi, kashdami, carti, gunna, travis scott,ssgkobe, at least i am
that's not even as bad as travis scott sweatin rn sheeeeeesh!
klyz 98.5 / 107.9 la
#nowplaying travis scott & hvme - goosebumps
klyz 98.5 | kbex 107.9 los angeles
klyz 98.5 | kbex 107.9 - the #1 hit station in los angeles.
hi do you have the travis scott burger in your menu
they were in concert with weird al yankovic at astroworld (amusement park in houston--not the travis scott fiasco) in the summer of 1987.  i got to see a bit when i went to pick up money at the concert site. my brother and sister got to see the entire concert.
pipamandel fallen leafchristmas tree
i love laughing at people that wear travis scott
travis scott didn't know fans had died at his astroworld festival in houston until after his performance, he told charlamagne tha god https://trib.al/outevym
travis scott says he couldn't see tragedy unfolding before him.
https://forbes.com/sites/marisadellatto/2021/12/09/travis-scott-says-he-couldnt-see-astroworld-tragedy-unfolding-before-him/
summrs definitely better coming from an honest travis scott stan
travis scott 4's on graduation day exploding headexploding headexploding head
me sigo sintiendo mal por todas esas personas que murieron en el concierto (si esq se le puede llamar asi) de travis scott ......
aspect loamder crown
if you guess the biggest raper out these 10 i listen to them i will give money to you banknote with dollar sign
jocanada latin crossmaple leafflag of canada
travis scott finally breaks silence on astroworld tragedy https://rollingstone.com/music/music-news/travis-scott-astroworld-interview-1269269/ via 
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy in first interview since festival
travis scott broke his silence about the astroworld tragedy in a 50-minute conversation with charlamagne tha god that was posted thursday.
saudades do meu amigo pessoal travis scott
more than half of victims' families declined travis scott's offer to pay for funeral costs: https://kctv5.com/more-than-half-of-victims-families-declined-travis-scotts-offer-to-pay-for-funeral-costs/article_c13c9e5d-200a-52bc-ba35-e0d4449fc68e.html?block_id=991173
leayo flag of belgium
erik killimonger flag of cameroonflag of france
travis scott ou asao rocky ?
#firstplay: "buss it (remix)" by erica banks feat. travis scott) on capital xtra (#capitalxtra)
kendall jenner kylie kim kardashian kanye west travis scott problematic astroworld suit racist homophobic thread drake justin bieber leaked +18 nudes sexting chat hot doja cat exposed cancel
now playing: highest in the room by travis scott.
damn, max's been taking more ls than travis scott lately skull
fire in the sky. travis scott is who ots based on.
yo travis scott cant even go to mcdonalds drive thru without gettin his spot blown up “how can he eat food again only a month after that tragedy he sick!” but drake out here living his best life since astro fest and nobody peep lmao
travis scott & live nation being sued by 9-year old ezra blount
civil rights attorney ben crump filed lawsuit against live nation & travis scott
live nation & travis scott are being sued by civil rights attorney on behalf of the youngest victim from the astroworld festival tragedy.
#maxwell #ghislainemaxwelltrial #ghislanemaxwell #trump #travisscott #trump 
therefore judge nothing before the time, until the lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts:
drake allegedly slept with kylie jenner behind travis scott's back, says tristan thompson's alleged bm
drake allegedly slept with kylie jenner behind travis scott's back, says tristan thompson's alleged...
all credit goes to hnhh for the news articles. we do not take any credit for these articles as we did not write them ourselves. tristan thompson's alleged infidelity has (once again…) o…
ojalá incluya alguna parte de cómo su discípulo travis scott fue creciendo tanto exploding head
oficial: el documental sobre la vida de kanye west llamado "jeen-yuhs" tendrá una duración de 4 horas con 50 minutos y será dividido en tres capítulos.
disponible en netflix en 2022.
playboi carti avec travis scott, en 2017 collision symbol
the weeknd x michael jackson x travis scott? face with spiral eyesface with monocle
dani extraterrestrial alienrosecrescent moon
the travis scott interview is so beyond cringe woozy face
paulinn double exclamation mark
meu negro travis scott está passando por algumas merdas atualmente…
travis scott - antidote (audio) https://youtu.be/ya6w2poi3xy via 
travis scott - antidote (audio)
download "rodeo" at itunes: http://smarturl.it/tsrodeospotify: http://smarturl.it/tsrodeosptfyamazon: http://smarturl.it/tsrodeoamzndiggoogle play: http://sm...
it was not good. i bought one to try and ended up pouring most of 
#nowplaying - now playing on "http://dnaradio.net" - drake feat. travis scott - fair trade (clean) #follow us on #tunein #listen #hiphop #internetradio
wholelottanarbevampire
une meuf fan de travis scott ou rien.
travis scott has the personality of a fckn nightstand… typical taurus acts dumb but oh so very calculated and fixated…same thing libra does these people are not dumb or nice, they are very much a beast about the money bag
pedroconrado richter
travis scott recalls astroworld tragedy  (via 
world news stories & features
a story about world from news.com.au, as featured in newsfusion's world news app.
4.47856/5.0 stars – 443 ratings
resurfacing this tweet now that 
 reports a-b is discontinuing cacti. 
the travis scott / astroworld tragedy no doubt contributed to the decision, but bbd also noted slumping sales and steep discounts as of late.
is cacti a "successful national brand" though?  sales data i see suggests a boom-splat.
meanwhile, travis scott has already moved on to pushing cactus-themed cannabis.
first, he sold us junk food. then he got us drunk. now he's hoping we get high and forget face with tears of joy
paulrus.eth hocho (carlyraefan1️⃣)
travis scott - skyfall ft. young thug https://youtu.be/yl9brzwk0ds via 
travis scott - skyfall ft. young thug
travis scott featuring young thug, 'skyfall'follow travis scott: instagram: https://www.instagram.com/travisscotttwitter: https://twitter.com/trvisxxsoundclo...
its actually unfair how people got to see travis scott and juice wrld in one concert skullskullskullskullcat face with tears of joycat face with tears of joycat face with tears of joycat face with tears of joyclown faceclown faceclown faceclown faceclown facecrowncrowncrowncrown
why are travis scott and alec baldwin and jussie not in jail? i had it car impounded and spent the night in jail with a irp that got thrown out ???
keannyichocolate bar
travis scott really don't need to b doing no interviews…
 fly me out to rolling loud miami pls
https://musicmundial.com/en/2021/12/09/travis-scott-interview-festival/
travis scott gives interview for the first time after tragedy at his festival
this thursday, december 9th, travis scott gave his first interview after the tragedy that happened at his festival in early november. there were 9 deaths and
did kylie jenner cheat with drake on travis scott? affair, hookup rumors
twist of twists. tristan thompson's alleged baby mother claims that kylie jenner cheated with drake on travis scott before her pregnancy with their second child. maralee nichols, the alleged mother...
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after the show : bollywood news – bollywood hungama https://daily2dailynews.com/travis-scott-breaks-silence-on-astroworld-tragedy-that-killed-10-people-says-he-found-out-about-it-only-until-after-the-show-bollywood-news-bollywood-hungama/
y'all still listen to travis scott?
houston law firms have reportedly hit #travisscott with a $10b lawsuit over 1500 #astroworld attendees… 
hey guys do i look like travis scott?
that travis scott interview with charlamagne #astroworld
iilluminaughtii or nice christmas tree
travis scott has finally spoken out since astroworld and its not good
theiilluminaughtii - twitch
hey, i'm blair or the iilluminaughtii and it's great to have you here! expect to find me streaming sporadically here (although i'm trying to get a schedule together, i promise!)
a conversation with travis scott and charlamagne tha god  
https://youtu.be/fs9svgvbsgw
#hiphopmusic #rap  #music #newmusic #musicnews #musicpromotion
i like how no one brings up travis scott's history of encouraging his crowds to inflict mayhem at his concerts.
you gotta wonder whether the deadly tragedy at astroworld and ensuing legal action against 
 has anything to do with this move. i speculated on that idea a bit last month: https://fingers.substack.com/p/the-end-of-craft-brewings-movement
dessy (choose yo man$)
wkmt-db dagr8fm billboard radio
don toliver feat. travis scott & kaash paige - euphoria https://rdo.to/wkmtdb
wsmv news4 nashville
travis scott explaining what happened at astrofest
the band was thankful for your quick thinking! had you unplugged everything at a #travisscott concert, he probably would've directed the crowd to f**k you up. 
he's got a history of doing that sort of thing. he's a real pos. 
highly recommended watch:
 my kid died at astroworld fest. choked on a cactus jack meal while raging. no funeral cost help?!? disgusting
 please don't ruin your feature  .
travis scott caught in a lie thinking face #shorts https://youtube.com/shorts/d7kvt5ydtmq?feature=share via 
travis scott caught in a lie thinking face #shorts
yea ight bootleg travis scott fan, come out tonight let's get active
drake (with travis scott) - fair trade
high voltage signhigh voltage signshad
if i could get a dollar for every time travis scott said "ya know", i'd have $10b.
so no one in travis scott's team told him to start the interview by apologizing to the families of the ppl who died frm the concert?? he literally just started talking abt how he feels neutral faceneutral faceneutral faceneutral face
travis scott and university blue off white
attorney for astroworld festival victim's family upset with travis scott interview – report
attorney for astroworld festival victim's family upset with travis scott interview - report
travis scott dijo que no estaba al tanto de los problemas que ocasionaron la muerte de 10 personas en el concierto de astroworld
travis scott dijo que no estaba al tanto de los problemas que ocasionaron la muerte de 10 personas...
water wavekimberly andersonwater wave
watched that travis scott interview. homie doesn't deserve the level of fame, success, or fortune he has. not everyone is worthy or knows how 2 handle it. basic right from wrong shit. it's not  about u shit. pay more attention 2 who ur kids listen to. #travisscott #astroworld
travis scott apology was shit face with tears of joyloudly crying face
#travisscott 's interview is an insult to the families who lost loved ones. watch travis as he defects, lies (he damn well knew it was an ambulance in the crowd!), & whine about he's a victim too. what a pos. 
you know? face with rolling eyes
rip to those lostpeace symbol
#nowplaying post malone feat. ozzy ozbourne & travis scott - take what you want 
accra mayor ( new account)loudly crying face
trill baby face with monocle
i really got more hair than all my favorite rappers, got lil durk & travis scott beat fasho ! but pluto & thugger shit different face with tears of joyface with tears of joy
armin arlertred heart
face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy” i know travis scott and this is not him “
tbh it's pretty popular stuff, the weeknd, travis scott, cole, 6lack, don toliver, mainly rnb and hip hop, but i where i live i swear i dont find anyone who's into the same shit i am loudly crying face
unlimited viral news
american rapper travis scott has given his side of the story for the first time regarding a deadly crowd crush during an october concert which claimed the lives of ten people.
american rapper travis scott has given his side of the story for the first time regarding a deadly crowd crush during an october concert which claimed the lives of ten people. in an hour-long radio...
travis scott highest in the room ، today was a good day
#more than half of victims' families declined travis scott's offer to pay for funeral costs
in the aftermath of the astroworld festival tragedy, travis scott offered to pay for the funeral expenses of the ten victims who died. at least 6 of the 10 victims' families declined scott's offer,...
put my own beat over 
if you blame travis scott still you gotta be stupid
i still think the whole #petedavidson dating pr stunt is to deflect from travis scott/kylie jenner #astroworld catastrophe. noticed how all the headlines changed so after kim and pete started dated? #smokeandmirrors #karenrebels
it should never come out
ahhhh!!! it sounds like if kylie is in the hospital. the baby is cominggggred heart
travis scott everybody that listen to his music know what his show's about, condolences all that lost luv ones, some point ppls must take responsibility for there actions, brake barricades to enter a venue should've raised red flags, some security got hurt by ppls coming inthinking face
"trust me, i know travis scott. this is a reptalian"
so basically #travisscott said he was there but he wasn't really there.....
festivals are never gonna be the same all thanks to 
 thanks a lot dude face with spiral eyes
travis scott said “you know” so many times in the interview w/ 
 i actually thought i knew lol
blue heart#staysafe blue heartwater waverainbowwriting hand ✍🏻✍🏽✍🏿✍🏼flag of norway
travis scott bryter tausheten etter festivaltragedien -
they'll be like travis scott hi 1's and mochas
♫ #nowplaying “butterfly effect” by travis scott on #anghami
travis scott - butterfly effect | play on anghami
play and download "butterfly effect" by "travis scott" - and other songs including "stargazing", "carousel", "sicko mode"... - murda on the beat so it's not nice for this life, i cannot change hidden...
this video should be shared widely. it documents how #travisscott has always treated his fans as expendable. #astroworld wasn't an isolated incident but part of a pattern of scott's negligent, narcissistic behavior. he's a pos 
how similar is our music taste?
in this week's poynter power rankings, charlamagne tha god landed an extensive interview with travis scott, "the 11th hour" anchor brian williams signed off for the last time and former nfl punter pat mcafee signed a four-year deal with fanduel.
poynter power rankings: charlamagne tha god, msnbc's big board guy, a football punter who cashed in...
here are the people, places and things that had a big impact on the media this week.
erica banks ft. travis scott - buss it remix now playing on hotstreetzradio
young thug – bubbly (with drake & travis scott) [official lyric video] #young #thug #bubbly #drake #amp #travis #scott #official #lyric #video
young thug – bubbly (with drake & travis scott) [official lyric video] #young #thug #bubbly #drake...
if you simply say “fuck travis scott” on that sub, you will be automatically banned.
#nowplaying sicko mode (audio).mp3 by travis scott. to listen to amps radio click the linkhttp://www.ampsradio.com
balance real estate group
now's your chance to live in kylie jenner and travis scott's former new york home .. http://bettina-reid.cb1.so/v3d2f2
high voltage signrocket 🏎 cowboy rd
jordan didn't sign an athlete to carry the brand and zion kept getting hurt so they got travis scott. ttytyy
travis scott speaks with charlamagne tha god in first interview after the astroworld tragedy.
https://digitalmusicnews.com/2021/12/09/travis-scott-interview-astroworld-charlamagne-tha-god/
#travisscott #astroworld #astroworldtragedy #astroworldfestival #charlamagnethagod #liveconcert #livefestival #livenation
sunday at 4pm cest smiling face with horns
travis scott - the plan
discover "butterfly effect" by travis scott on deezer http://deezer.com/track/536421122
first i'm going to say my heart goes out to the. victims who lost their lives and their family but why blame travis scott why i don't understand
i never argued against it bc i knew it was true. 
and saying trump caused the set up “insurrection” is as dumb as saying travis scott caused the chaos of his concert.
this dude travis scott got a song called escape plan how ironic.
blacklite district|1
travis scott has moved from rapping to comedy. this interview with 
8 minutes into this travis scott interview and his pr team is shit and need to be fired cause they shouldn't have let him speak rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing
i 100% lost some brain cells within the first 3 mins of that charlamagne  interview with travis scott…
can someone please count the number of times travis scott said “you know” in his interview, it's gotta be 100+
mf 75% of his audience doesn't even use twitter or even know people don't like him, and the twitter community isn't just 
my parents just said it would've been my brother and sisters fault if they died at the travis scott concert skull
durante performance de praise god no show que ocorreu em los angeles nesta madrugada, kanye west grita "la flame", enquanto toca o verso de travis scott.
are you travis scott cuz you took my breath away?pleading facesmiling face with heart-shaped eyes
queria ter ido no show do travis scott
yeah travis scott was tripping about doing that interview…and the shit he was saying just rubbed me the wrong way… but i wasn't fucking with dude before sooooooo
orvillelloyddouglasflag of canadarainbow flag
this is bad on both sides. the interviewer shouldn't be seen holding question in his hand. the lighting isn't good. travis scott wearing casual clothing is problematic. charlamagne isn't a serious journalist he's a radio host.
except travis scott loudly crying face stay yo ass at kylie house
beethoven ate the travis scott burger
i got the whole travis scott set never selling again wtw??
yg sayangnya skrg harganya jd diluar nalar dan dulu dulu mah ga serame skrg.. karna kebawa effect dari luar aja liat travis scott, kanye west, justin birber pake baju vintage..
ich will auf pop smoke-travis scott konzert
travis scott - escape plan (official audio) https://youtu.be/ve_izt4huuo via 
travis scott - escape plan (official audio)
travis scott - escape plan (official audio)"escape plan / mafia" available at: https://travisscott.lnk.to/escapeplan_mafiatravis scott online:https://shop.tr...
charlamagne tha god travis scott! look like a set up to me. no lawyer pr... https://youtu.be/bz5e_ft2qk4 via 
charlamagne tha god travis scott! look like a set up to me. no lawyer...
#kwamebrown #breakfastclub #hiphop
travis scott - mafia (official audio) https://youtu.be/89hjpnsnlfm via 
travis scott - mafia (official audio)
travis scott - mafia (official audio)"escape plan / mafia" available at: https://travisscott.lnk.to/escapeplan_mafiatravis scott online:https://shop.travissc...
travis scott u prvom intervjuu nakon tragedije na festivalu: 'nisam znao da ljudi umiru...'
https://bit.ly/3ihqmaq
travis scott blames production staff in first interview since astroworld disaster
travis scott blames production staff in first interview since astroworld disaster - tittlepress
houston rapper travis scott blames astroworld's influx of crowds last month on the production staff who organized and…
me every time a travis scott song come on my phone now
1 thing about me is, ill quit a damn jobrainbow flag
so i watched charlemagne's “chit chat” with travis scott and it has become abundantly clear to me that 1) ctg is not a journalist of any kind, 2) travis scott in a 10 year old stuck in a 30 year old man's body. 3) (most importantly) nothing was accomplished in that interview
2-facedskullrevolving hearts
damn travis scott was a thing in the 90's ?
. sparklesflag of puerto rico
i hope travis scott would stop encouraging people to rage. it's not his fault for what happen. it was the crowd. they go crazyyy for absolutely no reason. pushing and shoving just to fucking jumping up  and down. makes no sense
#nowplaying drake f.travis scott - fair trade (explicit) :: tune in: http://318livefm.com
after watching the travis scott interview with charlamagne all i have to say is; 1. i lost brain cells watching that, 2. travis has the intellectual ability of a 4 year old, 3. not once did he say sorry & 4. that was a one hour interview yet nothing was said…
nothing is worse than suburban white washed asians. all they wear is cargo shorts, nike t-shirts, and listen to travis scott
#nowplaying don toliver feat. travis scott - flocky flocky (http://bbu.global)
bbu global radio bbu
 fault. he's the artist,that's it. it's like saying if i get harassed in a streamers comments, it's their fault. they can't control their ignorant, no home training ass followers.
another rapper slim 400 shot and killed in 
thinking face “i know travis scott”
travis scott pictured out after breaking his silence over astroworld https://mol.im/a/10293717 via 
travis scott pictured out after breaking his silence over astroworld
scott - who is refusing to take responsibility as he faces a wave of lawsuits - was seen driving to his office on wednesday afternoon in los angeles, california.
unpopular opinion: that dad that took his 9 year old to a travis scott concert especially in a pandemic need his head examined
this day 3 years ago i attended the worst concert i've ever been to. shoutout 
anyways i have 6 pairs of travis scott jordan's and 3 pairs of pirates for sale. used but can be cleaned up. also some off white
they said over 50 people got robbed outside of the kanye concert last night face with tears of joyweary face
theviv ☆ hobbyist ☆ comms open ☆ #stanv2 #stanslam
my biggest regret in life is missing the travis scott x mcdonald's chicken nugget pillow sale. i mean... look at it...
u know who is big and juice liked them too? 
 https://pic.twitter.com/ddlxsujatz
a couple weeks ago i went to a travis scott concert and somehow woke up in a juice world one
a-yo daycare is open and we got much to cover! jussie smollett is guilty! joe rogan has blair white on, travis scott talks astroworld and more! then 
 pull up to get the smoke in mariokart and baby games!! content!! get in now! http://twitch.tv/hasanabi
travis scott getting sued for billions of dollars and drake fucking his bitch while way 2 sexy playing in the background
darealdontrade mark sign
the fact y'all still talking about travis scott's houston show and still tryna blame him for what happened is fucking pathetic. people need to learn how to control theirselves at concerts !!! he's just the performer dummy.
rn, yb and roddy ricch but oat travis scott
november 17th clothing
i just listed an ask for the jordan 6 retro travis scott british khaki on 
jordan 6 retro travis scott british khaki
astroworld pt 4- travis scott's apology with charlamagne and 2019 netflix documentary now up everywhere! peep the images at my ig (https://instagram.com/isaacweishaupt/) 
https://illuminatiwatcher.com/astroworld-pt-4-travis-scotts-apology-with-charlamagne-and-2019-netflix-documentary/
illuminatiwatcher.com
astroworld pt 4- travis scott's apology with charlamagne and 2019 netflix documentary - illuminat...
on today's episode of the conspiracy theories and unpopular culture podcast we take our fourth look at travis scott and the astroworld festival. we'll catch up on the news since pt 3 (link in show...
travis scott a blood bro don't care for hoover cat face with tears of joy
ugh im sick of this travis scott bs
travis scott cayéndose con autotune
no cap how y'all doing travis scott the reason the quiet ones snap man shrugging
in addition, travis scott is listed as an organizer of astroworld. the truth will come out years later in court. it's not ok for any person to go to a concert and get trampled on. he didn't even help the ambulance safely go out of the concert. minimal he could've done that.
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after the show : bollywood news – bollywood hungama
in his first extensive sit-down interview since the astroworld tragedy, american rapper travis scott has ... read moretravis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he...
25k looks like travis scottface with tears of joy #sahha2021
sparkles𝕯𝖔𝖘𝖒𝖎𝖑flag of palestinian territories𝖉𝖎𝖊𝖈𝖎𝖓𝖚𝖊𝖛𝖊sparkles
casualmente travis scott se queda callado durante semanas pero reaparece justo después de que le pongan una demanda de 10.000 millones de dólares.
i know travis scott when i see him, travis scott got cloned, shapeshifter or reptilian
travis scott ..is a entertainer and i think he shouldn't be accountable for what happened at astroworld in texas because the people who hold the event should have knew the capacity was all bad that's not his fault it's default so travis scott hold your head up man that's crazy
invincible.earth globe americaspill 16*29man vampirebutterfly
travis scott albums hit different at night
travis scott: you know you know… you know
charlemagne: you know?
travis scott concert be like
yeah he's gonna be fine. beyond the sunk cost, no one has a memory longer than a month anymore. we'll be getting "watch: travis scott makes emotional return to the stage" headlines in no time
travis scott is in a lawsuit. who advised him to actually do an interview is nuts. he should just keep his mouth shut. he did not look good. and no one saying it's 100% his fault. he is partially responsible. but he will not take any responsibility. that's the issue! 10 dead!!
travis scott kalo masuk pesantren
슨달¹⁹₁₂ | welcome back, sndlnynmdwn♡
usn kalian based on apa?
nav owns travis scott on every single level. nav doesn't have to resort to auto tune like a mumble (c)rapper. nav truly embodies what rap should. nav is the goat.
travis scott or playboi carti
jussie smollett and travis scott is two niggas who can grab a paddle each and sail far away.
astroworld victims' family respond to travis scott's first interview https://midu-life.com/post/astroworld-victims-family-respond-to-travis-scott-s-first-interview?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter #news #video #follow
nicole gaytan-roeder water waveflexed biceps
let travis scott be interviewed by a real journalist that has clips of him seeing the ambulances and not doing a damn thing!
travis scott sits down for astro interview with charlamagne, says he didn't know fans were injured until after concert https://yahoo.com/entertainment/travis-scott-sits-down-astroworld-124051204.html?soc_src=social-sh&soc_trk=tw&tsrc=twtr via 
travis scott sits down for astroworld interview with charlamagne, denies he knew fans were injured...
travis scott spoke out for the first time about the astroworld tragedy when charlamagne tha god released a nearly hour long discussion on dec. 9. the somber back and forth was dropped on charlamagn...
travis scott – sicko mode (lyrics) ft. drake #travis #scott #sicko #mode #lyrics #drake
goop wizard man mage
greed isn't worth lives, i hope karma bitch slaps travis scott and his team to before they were born..
ashmelyflag of dominican republic
travis scott's charlamagne tha god interview: major takeaways http://dlvr.it/sf7jtg
travis scott probably thought he was still in fortnite and his injured fans would respawn...
but tbh after watching travis scott's latest interview one of them could be a step up for her
snowman without snowchristmas treesnowflake 𝓡𝓲❀
 did face screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fear drake just keep disappointing me.
trap world official ™
#travisscott habló del momento en que se enteró de todo lo ocurrido en #astroworld.double exclamation markbroken heart
video: travis scott says he didn't know about astroworld injuries during concert
travis scott says he didn't know about astroworld injuries during concert
) ft travis scott, camila cabello & quavo - know no better (clean)
travis scott's interview, 50 mins of soft questions filled with noises, which was set up by his pr team so it can use in main 
shoreline mafia x babytron type beat "get a bag" (prod. donny) https://youtu.be/nuvq8ivxpa4 via 
 #hiphop #beats this cuz bout to make itfisted handfire music to run ya earsface screaming in fearparty popperfire #kanye #travis scott  check him bigboy moves #belgium #belgie
damn son...where'd ya find this?!
charlamagne did an interview with travis scott?!  #dnd respectfully.
it's wild that charlemagne the god was the first person to do a sit down interview with travis scott. like…..
went to the travis scott concert 3 years ago today… yikes
great "concert" idiot. you fucking crushed them, i mean it.crushed it.
 #travisscott i'm not one to be influenced by celebrity & this is no different i'm no professional but i've been on stage and the first time i did i remember the first thing i noticed was i couldn't see the crowd because of the lights and i imagine his were thatx1,000,000
don toliver - flocky flocky (feat. travis scott) [official music video] https://youtu.be/gb_1xe23gb4 via 
don toliver - flocky flocky (feat. travis scott) [official music...
don toliver - flocky flocky (feat. travis scott)life of a don - the new album out now: https://dontoliver.lnk.to/lifeofadonidget tickets to the life of a don...
flower playing cards713 flower playing cards
en dédommagement des gens mort à son concert travis scott il veux pas mettre days before rodeo sur spotify la ?
's "baby daddy." they are a couple. travis is "stormi's dad." as a black journalist you should avoid the disrespectful black stereotypes but you failed. do you call white men baby daddies? drop that label.
astroworld de travis scott
mfers really tryna blame travis scott for them killings, that man ain't have shit to do with that tbh.
chain's space | scarfchristmas tree
หยุดสลิ่ม travis scott ตอนอาบน้ำนะ มันจะอาบไม่เสร็จ
travis scott believes he is a victim smh pathetic
more than half of astroworld victims' families decline travis scott's offer
957thebeat.iheart.com
'travis scott is not the victim' | families, lawyers of astroworld victims respond to rapper's interview
travis scott deflected every question about what happened smh no accountability whatsoever
sem música pra ouvir = travis scott
hollywood forever.tv
travis scott deu uma entrevista para falar sobre a tragédia no festival astroworld, mas o que ele falou não foi bem visto
hollywoodforevertv.com.br
vítimas do astroworld criticam entrevista de travis scott
travis scott deu uma entrevista pela primeira vez para falar sobre fatalidade do festival
brudi voeller | alpracino.
a conversation with travis scott and charlamagne tha god https://youtu.be/fs9svgvbsgw via 
i know travis scott when i see him
real1039fm.iheart.com
1053thebeat.iheart.com
 confirm the features na. adele( e- soul), giveon (r & b), travis scott(hip-hop), koffee( dancehall/reggae), the weekend (pop)
sparkles helena frost sparkles
i've had it with this “artist”.. a grown man not able to take any responsibility at all for this horrible situation?! it frightens me that he's a parent. 
sickening! travis scott interview proof of larger astroworld cover up?! https://youtu.be/xzs2dqil-3s via 
this #kanye concert looked so beautiful! 
notice no upside cross stage - no devilish fire
no trampling - no raging   #travisscott fu
#travisscott finally spoke out about #astroworld, but refused to take any responsibility for the deaths...
more coming up next on 
no one is watching travis scott talk for an hour chile
canção internacional do ano: "send me", tirzah;
aposta internacional para o futuro: indigo de souza;
momento internacional do ano: a tragédia, infelizmente, no festival astroworld do travis scott.
i'll never forget the mosh pits at the fortnite travis scott concert. i lost my sicko mode that day.
watch the travis scott astrofest interview and take a shot for every time he says “you know” lmao you going have alcohol poisoning in under 10 minutes
bring travis scott on  nle choppa and polo g ask a fortnite skin  and make  all of the fortnite for free fortnite because some time i can't buy the fortnite skin and make the battle pass for free
took a whole lawsuit for travis scott to ship my mf shorts huh
travis scott is a horrible human being.  i sincerely hope the victims win with the lawsuits!
hearing travis scott claim no responsibility is sickening. i'm so tired of the rich and famous denying responsibility for their actions.
travis scott et the weeknd sur ce son >>
se já acham q o travis scott fez um ritual durante uma apresentação imagina qnd eles assistirem um show do ghostemane jkkjkkkkjkkkk
reporte confidencial
el rapero travis scott confesó que no estaba al tanto de las muertes hasta después de actuación
families, lawyers of #astroworld victims respond to travis scott interview
así fue la primera entrevista de travis scott tras el festival astroworld que se saldó con 10 muertos y varios heridos durante su concierto
anonymous drug dealer
my point is that using awards as defense can be used on some of the worse music acts of all time just as much as they can be used on some of the best. cardi b won aoty over fucking pusha t and travis scott skull
spotify will blackball tory lanez but keep travis scott on rapcaviar
3no nso hc face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joybroken heart
we know travis scott when we see him
kylie cheated on travis scott with drake with receipts #kylie #cheated #travis #scott #drake #receipts
hunger for more. lloyd banks
already platinum. slim thug
36 chambers. wu tang
birds in the trap. travis scott
no dope on sundays. cyhi
next week is biggie's ready to die
then we take a break for the holidays
then we're back for eight more episodes
what albums besides tyler's cmifgl do y'all wanna see us cover on no skips twitter.com/britnidwrites/…
tocando a discografia inteira do travis scott na adidas
it looks exactly like him.  i can't tell a difference. great job!
travis scott is not art pop . period.
nigga travis scott you was better off not doing the interview. this don't help you. no accountability.
#nowplaying #listenlive on http://hoodzradio.com love galore by sza ft travis scott #handlingourowndestinyz
 buy this song now https://links.autopo.st/2wip
famílias das vítimas criticam entrevista de #travisscott após tragédia: 'causa mais dor'
em entrevista, travis scott revelou que não soube da tragédia até fim do show no festival astrowolrd, que deixou 10 mortos e 300 feridos
rollingstone.uol.com.br
astroworld: famílias das vítimas criticam entrevista de travis scott após tragédia: 'causa mais dor'
travis scott's interview and the amount of times he said “you know ”. wow i lost brain cells watching him speak .
out of all people, why the fuck would travis scott agree to interview with charlamagne tha god good grief
me sentindo travis scott
foggybottomgal trade mark sign
bad bunny love travis scott lol
first look at bad bunny's concert setup flushed face
i really wanted to watch this travis scott interview but i'm only a minute in and he's said “you know” 11 times woozy face
travis scott broke his silence for the first time since the deadly events of november's astroworld festival tragedy. 
but attorneys and victim's families are saying it only further proved the artist was aware of the dangers of the festival.
'gaslighting': astroworld lawyers condemn new travis scott interview
attorneys representing the families of astroworld festival victims called the interview a...
a-team de travis scott ça marque vraiment une époque, 2016-2018 là
travis scott addresses families of victims of astroworld , says i'm sorry https://youtu.be/1y-dgcz0yee #travisscott #astro #astroworld
travis scott addresses families of victims of astroworld , says i'm...
travis scott addresses families of victims of astroworld , says i'm sorry
travis scott says he didn't know of fan deaths until after astroworld show – national
travis scott says he didn't know of fan deaths until after astroworld show - national - global...
advertisement rapper travis scott said in an interview that he didn't know that fans had died at his astroworld festival in houston until after his performance. in a lengthy interview with radio...
do you think coachella is keeping travis scott
take a shot everytime travis scott says “ya know” in the interview with charlemagne skull
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy: 'i have a responsibility' https://bit.ly/3oen9pz
check out this listing i just added to my #poshmark closet: travis scott x fragment design × air jordan 1 _ authentic. https://poshmark.ca/listing/61b35d6b7ec30c18ec21acde?utm_source=tw_sh&utm_content=ext_trk%3dbranch%26feature%3dsh_li_el_ios%26rfuid%3dext1%3a94b84f72-0b09-4901-b119-ecc4b4da9a4c #shopmycloset 
travis scott x fragment design × air jordan 1 _ authentic
size 10 gently used 100 authentic og box with tag and laces, only black laces used. message for more pictures or info .
clmmb russya broken heart
travis scott got 9 bodies basically face with tears of joyman shrugging
lo peor, su stage es muy similar al de travis scott. ohh sus dueños son los mismos clown face
anastacia beaverhausen
this interview was a set up imo. well played kris jenner, ain't no way i'm going to believe that travis scott's pr department did not see how this was not the best thing for him to do right now.
i know travis scott. this is not travis scott
more than half of victims' families declined travis scott's offer to pay for funeral costs https://trendscan.net/more-than-half-of-victims-families-declined-travis-scotts-offer-to-pay-for-funeral-costs/ #entertainment
houston in the aftermath of the astroworld festival tragedy, travis scott offered to pay for the funeral expenses of the ten victims who died. it was one of the last things they could do for their...
#nowplaying the blinding by jay electronica feat. jay-z & travis scott on http://bossescreatingbosses.com
【２０２０年】travis scott x nike air max 270 react "cactus trails"トラビススコットナイキエアマックスリアクトhttps：//
travis scott said “you know” so many times in that damn interview i almost thought i knew
eu quando sou a melhor música do travis scott
maria i'm drunk (feat. justin bieber & young thug)
travis scott · song · 2015
shiver_me_timbers flexed biceps
travis scott: favourite track : goosebumps/ highest in the room
19 dollar fortnite bot
get that travis scott off there!
just found this super cool #nft artist
louis vuitton mickey mouse - treasurebox | opensea
lv mickey mouse this mickey flex with louis vuitton lv and doesn't give a fuck to anyone just love the lover
coach taj minajj black heartyellow heart
while the astroworld situation is tragic, it's not travis scott's fault.
god travis scott is fr the least well spoken person i've ever heard
carol water waveraised fistflag of united states #stoppolicebrutality #blm
what happened to all the footage from that ritual 
you still got it right...
news:  more than half of victims' families declined travis scott's offer to pay for funeral costs http://dlvr.it/sf7pyd via 
islam sports na khalak nade mane kare
travis scott concert ki 8 deaths oshwal sok zimedar de?
islam ki deen ao duniya duwanro taleem raghale de
ahsan madrasa ke 3 kala ter kare
jung bad na lage, be maqsada jung rabane bad lagi
che sok javed ghamidi na deen izda kai dagha hal e v
ahsan football gore  
kho concert bad pay lagi 
ahsan university ta zee kho madrasa kha pay lagi 
ahsan jihadi soch laree 
kho jang ta tag bad pay lagi 
confused modern ertughooral islamists !!! 
he is islamist just because it seems so special being only muslim in yahodi world twitter.com/gharibtabahday…
18 can stay because it really has a meaning behind. 
but it's been awhile since somebody really lived up to the no. 7 tradition. twitter.com/iamcoachrich/s…
maddy christmas tree
stop calling me travis scott!!!
travis scott s'exprime après le drame d'astroworld : « les médias veulent me faire porter le chapeau » http://dlvr.it/sf7plx
days before rodeo was a fire project & a personal favorite but travis scott can go to hell too
somebody's fine mama aquariustriangular flag on post
that travis scott and charlamagne interview woozy facewoozy face
tryna figure out how tf travis scott responsible for niggaz getting crazy at his show they got the game fucked up
more than half of victims' families rejected travis scott
on dirait que tout le monde est en couple sauf toi.
t'inquiètes pas ton tour arrivera bientôt....
that travis scott interview was so fucking terrible
bad lyrics! bad bad lyrics!! cursed you demon child travis scott
flag of brazilflag of brazil
“did travis scott sacrifice his fans” it was a good month september edition
“did travis scott sacrifice his fans” it was a good month september...
on this episode we go over all the events that went down in november 2021, travis scott's astro world concert and the people that got killed in it, his apolo...
travis scott says he was unaware of deaths until after show https://ktbb.com/post/?p=1080305houston (ap) - rapper travis scott says in an interview that he didn't know that fans had died at his astroworld festival in houston until after his performance ended. in the interview with charlamagne...
travis scott says he was unaware of deaths until after show
'gaslighting': astroworld lawyers condemn travis scott interview
right-pointing triangle https://youtu.be/yb54rnxnrfq
- #jussiesmollett: should he go to prison?
- #travisscott: first comments on #astroworld tragedy
- #popefrancis on 'sins of the flesh'
stolen from following
crying and throwing up banging my head against the wall choking on my own tears buys travis scott tickets
q tudo ninguem morrwndo pisoteado igual ao show do travis scott!!!
more than half of victims' families declined travis scott's offer to pay for funeral costs https://cnn.com/2021/12/10/us/travis-scott-astroworld-funeral-costs/index.html #mustread #feedly
travis scott gave me fake sympathy vibes
myottawa.city: empowering ottawa,positively
"i stopped like a couple of times just to make sure everybody was ok," said travis scott in an interview with charlamagne tha god.
travis scott says he didn't know of fan deaths until after astroworld show - national | globalnew...
 said he wants to “fix this” like he can glue peoples lives back together. no 
 it's fuckin death you caused you fuckin murderer. #rip #astroworld
wish me luck on my editorial i was supposed to write a month ago about travis scott man dancing
a con't: there have been several concerts already in the #metaverse: travis scott, lil nas x, and ariana grande.
ariana's concert was watched by 78 million people, and she made $50m selling skins in 
. this is only the beginning of concerts in the metaverse!
simple news magazine
ο travis scott ζητά από το δικαστήριο να απορριφθούν https://simplenews.gr/%ce%bf-travis-scott-%ce%b6%ce%b7%cf%84%ce%ac-%ce%b1%cf%80%cf%8c-%cf%84%ce%bf-%ce%b4%ce%b9%ce%ba%ce%b1%cf%83%cf%84%ce%ae%cf%81%ce%b9%ce%bf-%ce%bd%ce%b1-%ce%b1%cf%80%ce%bf%cf%81%cf%81%ce%b9%cf%86%ce%b8/?utm_source=reviveoldpost&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=reviveoldpost #simplenews #news #magazine
in travis scott's first interview since the astroworld festival in houston, the rapper told charlamagne tha god that he didn't know about the tragedy unfolding in the crowd during his concert.
travis scott astroworld interview: he denies knowing about tragedy unfolding in crowd
travis scott reveals not knowing people were dying as performance took place at astroworld https://theindustrycosign.com/travis-scott-reveals-not-knowing-people-were-dying-as-performance-took-place-at-astroworld/ via 
theindustrycosign.com
travis scott reveals not knowing people were dying at astroworld
travis scott stated that despite reports, he did not know that fans were dying as he was performing at his astrowold festival
lapalm treerese prince tulipcherries
#travisscott speaks out on #astroworld scandal. does he feel responsible? the comments at
entertainmentwrapup.com
entertainment wrap up brought to you by speakfreebooks.com - home
travis scott saying “la flame”fire on praise god.
making sense of travis scott's party, and what followed
hazzle flag of romania snowflake⛄
the ninja and travis scott pic lowkey go hard
travis scott & 21 savage - niagara falls [.wav radio] (unreleased) by nikita \ ∀ on #soundcloud
bad boy, good human ninja
he refuses too accept any accountability.  he is wild dumb for doing this interview & anyone defending him knowing the behavior not the energy he encourages at his concerts is __________!  #travisscott
because he has a major voice in black music entertainment, and wants positive, black excellence for young black artists. plus, social media and news media trying destroy travis scott based off "opinions" from the astro event.
i just have 1 question for travis scott let's just say you didn't know what was going on in the audience during the show. …. how tf did you miss all those ambulance trucks during & after the show ??? 🗣
gizmo raised fistraised fistraised fist callaloo out now!
listening to travis scott speak in his interview makes me want to read more books... #yaknow
travis scott blasted as he pleads ignorance, claims he was totally unaware of the astroworld deaths until after the show http://dlvr.it/sf7j5p #celebrities #travisscott #tonybuzbee
travis scott blasted as he pleads ignorance, claims he was totally unaware of the astroworld deaths...
travis scott has controversially come out and claimed that he was unaware that fans were being put in danger until after the show.
dark trap beat "legacy" travis scott type beat (prod by gvnng)
people who accuse travis scott's music of inspiring stamped at his concert are the same people who 60 years ago thought #rocknroll makes women promiscuous.   
they hate fun! https://people.com/music/travis-scott-talks-raging-at-astroworld-didnt-hear-screams-for-help-felt-like-regular-show/ #astroworld
travis scott talks 'raging' at astroworld, says didn't hear cries for help: felt like 'regular show'
in his first interview since the deadly astroworld festival, the rapper opened up about the controversial environment he creates at his shows
size 11 - jordan 1 low x travis scott mocha 2019 https://ebay.com/itm/144324929810?hash=item219a6fa912%3ag%3aq7kaaoswo85hslec&mkcid=1&mkrid=711-53200-19255-0&siteid=0&campid=5338752399&customid=&toolid=10001&mkevt=1 ebay
size 11 - jordan 1 low x travis scott mocha 2019
don't miss out to add to your collection! 100% authentic! no variants!
lmao what business would gayle have interviewing travis scott? face with tears of joy 
the internet reacts to travis scott's interview!
travis scott dragged for denying responsibility for astroworld...
travis scott's first interview since the astroworld festival has caused the internet to erupt into an outpour of anger, with many people dragging him and cal...
escucha la mejor estacion  lmm urban radio: durag activity (with travis scott) by baby keem,travis scott! tune in now. 
now playing: travis scott - mafia (click here to listen)
free online radio stations
young thug ft drake & travis scott - bubbly (clean)
http://live999wjcb.com
travis scott really can't make another album til like 2025 cause his shit will flop skullskull
travis scott is such an idiot for that interview face with tears of joy
travis scott's interview didn't heal anyone, says victim's attorney https://tmz.com/2021/12/10/travis-scott-interview-rudy-pena-family-not-happy/?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
this travis scott interview with charlamagne is so meh.
an a$ap rocky and travis scott verzuz would be cool
daughter of the most rainbow🕊raising hands🛡rainbow🕊japanese ogreraising hands
travis scott said he's a “man of god” face with rolling eyes
i don't believe i even wasted my time posting this one!  
we all know who his god is…
https://instagram.com/exministries/p/cxsqmzes2zc/?utm_medium=copy_link
true talk boy face with tears of joyface with tears of joy
10 coisas aleatórias que eu sou contra:
- pessoas que fingem que são fofas
- grimes e elon musk
- filme de super herói
- dormir sem coberta;
- convite no subjuntivo;
we are having deals at the travis scott concert. come get your pizza from miami pizza truck! phone number: 305-642-pizza
captain beefheart made travis scott famous
i actually don't get how people trying to put the full blame on travis scott them people were out of control from the time they got there until it ended he ain't make them get drunk do drugs and act a damn fool
travis scott goleador
travis scott interview cringe worthy. he answered easy questions filled with noises to make it seem as though it was 50 mins. really it was 20 minutes of coached answers.this a a huge cover up!! y'all do not believe him or his pr team! 10 dead-300+ injured! travis is not sorry!!
the backstage project podcast
travis scott gave his first interview since the astroworld disaster
ajournalofmusicalthings.com
travis scott gave his first interview since the astroworld disaster - alan cross
it was five weeks ago that people died and scores were injured during travis scott's set at the astroworld festival in houston. more than 3,000 people are
lil baby fan account
travis scott au states et et niska/koba ici
10ksparkleshoney pot| kaaris
au final c'était l'année de quelle artiste fr/usa en 2021 ?
damn travis scott took no accountability in that hour long interview smh
if she doesn't give you head then my brother she's cheating
stolen from followings
it's unreleased so yes
𝕬𝖑𝖊𝖈¹⁹™ (japanese ogre)
travis scott - máfia dvdmultiple musical notes
is that the travis scott event
stevegold reeceszncactusrocket
battle 9: travis scott - scotts vs tyler - wusyaname
lil zey - matrix  > travis scott - highest in the room
skull and crossbonesbaby blue
travis scott should not be responsible for all this chaos. (*unless he specifically made the decision to over capacitate the venue.) the venues staff + the crowd + the parents of that child are responsible. and they are going pretty low to try to place blame on ts.
people really acting like travis scott pulled a trigger on these people.
"i know travis scott." loudly crying faceloudly crying face
travis scott's interview didn't heal anyone, says victim's attorney - https://worldwidetweets.com/travis-scotts-interview-didnt-heal-anyone-says-victims-attorney/
#travisscott apology weary face
aushared heartchart with upwards trend
travis scott also advise he is seeking a solution to prevent this from happening in the future, travis mentioned tech wristbands to help security be attentive to the fans. 
boone didn't look too bad tho and he's younger
ariana garcia flag of puerto rico
travis scott broke his silence for the first time since the astroworld tragedy, but attorneys representing victims and their families are saying it only further proved the artist was aware of the dangers of the festival.
emasculation proclamation
like...this is so random, but it also fits a human landfill like travis scott so perfectly.
that travis scott interview was so cringeworthy. poor coaching by his team.
rt/reply for leaks :
i'm screaming at how it's somehow so on-brand for travis scott to decide that his first public appearance to address the astroworld controversies should be with......that, particular "journalist"
a question to travis scott stans
if one of your loved ones let's say your brother or mother or even your best friend passed away at this hell-ish concert
would u still defend this clown?
travis scott rompe su silencio sobre la tragedia: “tengo responsabilidad”
travis scott rompe su silencio sobre la tragedia
travis scott rompe su silencio sobre la tragedia: el rapero se ha mostrado a sí mismo disponible para apoyar a los fans en lo que sea necesario
travis scott explained himself, and made everything worse
cuzzin teeman shrugging
but y'all don't want to hear travis scott apologizing…………
https://youtu.be/-r9woso6y_o
ptn jconfonds travis scott et asap rocky tsais c comme patrick bruel et patrick fiori c compliqué la vie
a dele e a do travis scott
se acabar o autotune acaba também a carreira do pedro sampaio
rwandese savage flag of rwanda
  you guys should get in front of the metaverse movement and take over the online live shows. lot more money when you can perform in front of 200m people worldwide at the same time!! #breakingbarriers
welcome to the liberal world travis, they will try to cancel you until you say it was your fault. i saw they videos, you didn't know 
travis scott said he feels the media is forcing responsibility for the astroworld tragedy onto hi... https://news.yahoo.com/travis-scott-said-feels-media-154357038.html?soc_src=community&soc_trk=tw via 
travis scott said he feels the media is forcing responsibility for the astroworld tragedy onto him...
"well, yeah, you know, i'm the face of the festival, i'm a artist, so yeah, the media is…they wanna put it on me."view entire post ›
travis scott denies legal liability in astroworld tragedy as lawsuits continue to mount
travis scott is finally speaking out regarding the astroworld tragedy both publicly and in the courtroom.
jussie, kanye & drake, crazy shoot out in puerto rico, white terrorists plot foiled, crooked cops, funny a** videos, lawsuits travis scott speaks, crime, murder, racism real talk real topics and news you can use right now!!
chat in call in 414-502-9447
https://facebook.com/radiomke/videos/586098189129546/
lil baby & lil durk ft travis scott - hats off (clean)
travis scott's charlamagne tha god interview: major takeaways
travis scott speaks out about astroworld tragedy in emotional interview https://youtu.be/qcg2ikhxixy via 
travis scott speaks out about astroworld tragedy in emotional...
travis scott addresses the astroworld tragedy in a new interview with charlamagne tha god.
i get why more people aren't talking about the travis scott interview because i'm 30minutes in and he hasn't said anything
that travis scott interview was a joke, he didn't even take accountability once!!!
when are we gonna stop blaming travis scott and start blaming the actions of ppl? if everyone acted civilized all of the lives lost would still be here.
travis scott's lawyer must be court appointed cuz damn dog
" i know travis scott, this is a clone, a reptilian."
outside of a few songs, kanye never resonated with me while travis scott was more an amalgamation of existing sounds than an innovator, though drugs you should try and sicko mode are eternal bangers
the last thing travis scott should've done was have that interview, should've kept his mouth shut
drill music enthusiast
travis scott spoke for 51min and said absolutely nothing
jackboys, travis scott - what to do? (audio) ft. don toliver
that travis scott interview was terrible he kept talking in circles & sound illiterate
smh bout to buy travis scott concert tickets
daily black love things
finding friendship and love in one person >>>>>>>>>
travis scott said he did not know fans were hurt during concert https://buff.ly/3gao2p5 #meandmynation #yournewsyourtimeyourway #ilovemynation246 #nationbarbados #nation246 #barbados
no way i'm watching an interview between travis scott and charmin
the lawyer says #travisscott has a “history” of inciting harmful behaviors at his performances #allegedly so if that's true….and that's his”history” and those victims still went….does that still make it all his fault?!
honestly … travis scott ain't do sh*t.. but who am i?loudly crying face
"what i'm trying to get to the bottom of, what happened here..." it seems the entire world knows but him!
snr...flag of france
niggas boo when they hear travis scott's gatti, but multiply their income by a million and they still couldn't afford a bugatti.
ich brauch ein ticket zum travis scott konzert
lmao travis scott is really a villain
nate dacostaflag of united statesflag of canadaflag of barbados
the fans who wouldn't stop pushing are to blame not travis scott
this collab is better than putting travis scott in fortnite
yup, awards do not define your versatility, creativity, or talent. rap is not how it used to be it's not about rap or talent anymore it's about fame and money, the awards shows are about talent anymore.
eyeseyesmoutheyeseyes
the fcking non answers and the lack of accountability from travis scott during charlemagne tha god's interview is so fucking chilling. what a heartless shithead.
how similar is our music taste? 
10%- baby keem twitter.com/bobohatesyou/s…
the bijou star files: travis scott's interview has made an attorney mad https://trib.al/ecj4ued
no one really cares bro!
jackboys, travis scott - what to do? (audio) ft. don toliver https://youtu.be/oq09bw2q4ni via 
jackboys out now: https://jackboys.lnk.to/jackboysofficial store: https://jackboys.travisscott.com/ https://instagram.com/travisscotthttps://instagram.com/sh...
ex satanist opinion on the travis scott concert https://youtu.be/ooiw6wkv6so via 
ex satanist opinion on the travis scott concert
ex satanist john ramirez gives his opinion on travis scott's most recent concert astroworld and how it was a satanic ritual with tons of hints & clues ahead ...
pat played: hats off (feat. travis scott) - lil baby for the 31st time.
https://youtu.be/9k-wcwktdmq
#travisscott #astroworld
travis scott does the unthinkable and makes things worse for him+...
travis scott does the unthinkable and makes things worst for him+ astroworld unseen footafe#travisscott #astroworldcopyright disclaimer under section 107 of ...
you think anyone wanted that to happen then you're stupider than i've already taken you for.
it was absolutely a tragedy.
but if you believe it was intentional & travis scott & others responsibly actually wanted 10 fans to die then you're a clown face
nicolás david morillo soto
this is travis scott?
charlamagne: people say your music played a role in [the astroworld tragedy]. you think your music is to blame? 
travis scott: “one, i'm a man of god. that's the first thing…”
ıllıllıgiraffe𝕬𝖎𝖈𝖍𝖔𝖊𝖒𝖒black cat~俺の彼女!~man health workerrainbowıllıl
น้องสาว travis scott
la confesión de travis scott un mes después de la tragedia en astroworld #10dic
la confesión de travis scott un mes después de la tragedia en astroworld
travis scott says he'll 'continue to show up' for astroworld victims in new interview
travis scott says he'll 'continue to show up' for astroworld victims in new interview - black news...
travis scott said he's been “trying to really figure things out” in the weeks since the fatal crowd crush that took place during his performance at the astroworld festival in houston last month....
tw :  travis scott voelt zich niet verantwoordelijk voor slachtoffers festivaldrama: " hij stelt voor dat festivalbezoekers een polsbandje gaan dragen die hun locatie en gezondheid in de gaten... http://dlvr.it/sf733k
travis scott interview angers attorney for victim's family - https://worldwidetweets.com/travis-scott-interview-angers-attorney-for-victims-family/
attorney: astroworld victim "axel acosta's family doesn't want to hear travis scott's excuses; excuses do not assuage their grief and pain."
travis scott #adoreyou #harrystyles
butterflytumzybutterfly
was your friends up there with travis scott
" this can't be travis scott, i know travis scott"
greg abbott: ban travis scott from performing in texas - sign the petition! https://chng.it/pwvlxfmq via 
ban travis scott from performing in texas
this, was a terrible idea.
grace | formulator bae test tube
after listening to clips of that travis scott interview, 
1. this nigga is an idiot lol 
2. idk why he even sat down to speak so soon period, with charlemagne at that!
ᴅɪᴇᴠman guardumbrella with rain drops
to mais rico que o travis scott agora
warlow cold faceskunk
honestly if it were between attending and hearing that live or dying at a travis scott concert i would choose dying at a travis scott concert, it's less painful
travis scott is innocent 
it's not his fault!!!!!
nigga, build me a house.
travis scott sampling fonky thang, diamond rang by the dells like kanye west did on family business in 2004 is more than art.
https://music.apple.com/us/album/90210-feat-kacy-hill/1456176981?i=1456177229
waffa 3.0, antifa snack coordinator
travis scott speaking about the tragedy at his show. i'm thinking his lawyers are scrambling to try to get in front of this.
should've just kept quiet. he didn't even apologize.
travis scott is a fucking joke. take responsibility, damn clown.
negative squared latin capital letter p9️⃣squared ng
they doing travis scott bad…. if you “ knew “ & “ felt “ his music influenced certain behaviors why purchase a ticket to that type of event ????
ringer podcast network
jussie smollett is found guilty and travis scott gives his first interview after the astroworld tragedy. 
all this and more on 
jussie smollett found guilty and travis scott speaks on astroworld tragedy | higher learning | the...
listen to this episode from higher learning with van lathan and rachel lindsay on spotify. van lathan and rachel lindsay react to the news of jussie smollett being found guilty for falsely reporting...
tshepo omega ronaldo
... they might not like, comment, share or even talk about your work but trust me; they saw it... 
camera with flash : 
black heartpurple heart
#ragemodels #themodelacademy #styleidafrica #vvretail #delectablephotography #portraitphotography #outdoorphotography #travisscott #johnnydepp
travis scott didn't make those weirdos take fake drugs. foh when's the next rage??! #laflame
travis scott fighting for his life rn.
game die policon automatisches nachrichtenportal extraterrestrial alien
➦ "emotionale achterbahn": travis scott gibt erstes interview
  https://freie-welt.eu/de/2319517/videos/film-unterhaltung/quotemotionale-achterbahnquot-travis-scott-gibt-erstes-interview/
none of this juice wrld, travis scott and drake nonsense! this is true music... this is simply majestic, dumbfounding, astonishing and eye opening. perfection.
how tf did beethoven come up with this
if travis scott never made it face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy
gunna j. blige fleur-de-lis
travis scott's plaits make me so angry jsjdjfjjf
didn't travis scott go out to a restaurant after the concert? i didn't find him remorseful.
from the d to the wa
finally got around to removing every travis scott song from my playlist, was hella annoying just skipping them
tenho mais discos que amigos! multiple musical notes
travis scott dá primeira entrevista após o astroworld: "a mídia quer me culpar" > https://tenhomaisdiscosqueamigos.com/2021/12/09/travis-scott-entrevista-tragedia/
throw back to when i put 
 creator code in the travis scott event, he is still my favorite fortnite youtuber
#travisscott denies knowing about injuries during #astroworldfestival: https://cnn.it/3dzvvmj
trains but they only play travis scott.
rapper travis scott has spoken out for the very first time following the tragedy that unfolded at his 2021 astroworld festival in houston, tx on november 5 in a new long-form interview.
#travisscott opens up about #astroworld tragedy.
travis scott finally breaks silence on astroworld tragedy
camera with flash des nouveaux visuels de la jordan 1 low x travis scott "reverse mocha" ont fait surface !
🗓 sortie possible en 2022
money with wings prix retail : ???
money bag resell actuel estimé : ???
information source plus d'infos right pointing backhand index https://whentocop.fr/drops/nike-travis-scott-air-jordan-1-low-reverse-mocha
greg abbott: ban travis scott from performing in texas - sign the petition! https://chng.it/ctt6v4lm via 
strictly flames heavy dollar signfire
straight forward ep.9 #slim400 killed in la, #travisscott, #charlestonwhite on #lenatheplug & #adam22
https://youtu.be/bcyfypxy3qe
#strictlyflames heavy dollar signfiretelevision
aurora acabou de me perguntar: “lembra daquela vez que eu tive febre e o travis scott me ajudou a melhora?” 
travis scott fans do overtime when they dickride kanye jus cause travis & ye married into the same family
nu on air: travis scott ft hvme - goosebumps (remix)
deep radio - we are dance!
het meest toonaangevende radio station met 24 uur per dag het nieuwste en beste op het gebied van dance muziek. overal te beluisteren via https://deep.radio.
tristan thompson's alleged bm claims #drake claims slept with #kyliejenner behind travis scott's back double exclamation markflushed facelet it all out girl loudly crying face
cheering megaphone new podcast! "astroworld pt 4- travis scott's apology with charlamagne and 2019 netflix documentary" on 
 #alien #aliens #celebrities #conspiracy #illuminati #occult #symbolism #symbols #transhumanism #travis_scott_charlamagne #ufo #ufos
astroworld pt 4- travis scott's apology with charlamagne and 2019...
we take our fourth look at travis scott and the astroworld festival. we'll catch up on the news since pt 3 (link in show notes below). we'll listen to a lot of travis scott's own words from two main s
¢ameron flying saucer
still biting travis scott i see
network community services®
travis scott says he didn't know people were dying as performance took place at astroworld https://ift.tt/3rqdxqy
in an exclusive interview with the breakfast club's charlamagne tha god, hip-hop artist travis scott says that despite reports, he did no… https://ift.tt/ea8v8j
3. of course, child sacrifice is supposed to be illegal in the usa. but apparently houston, texas doesn't think so. maybe iheart funded the sheriff and attorney general's fraudulent wins. i mean, they didn't fire travis scott for his other rituals. houston will suffer for this.
not trying to justify the kids dying but why was there a 9 year old at a travis scott festival i get yaw wanna be cool parents but no sometime u have to say hell no travis scott is not for kids fortnite got these older parents confused
in an interview with #charlamagnethagod, #travisscott responds to people saying his #music played a role in the #astroworld tragedy folded handseyes #macktightthoughts face with monocle [via 
] - #macktightradio radio #ready2learnshow face with monocle
i still remember the travis scott concert in 2018 when the grown ass man in the row in front was sobbingggg bc of it skull
coming out to travis scott's verse was real intentional.
sin duda, como en tantas otras manifestaciones de este tiempo, pero tampoco me escandaliza ¿has visto la escenografía del concierto de travis scott donde murieron 10 personas?
gigi jeiicall me hand
yo el año pasado comprandome los travis scott
que si me quiero gastar 80$ en unos zapatos, obvio
once again fuck travis scott and all of his team
durag activity - baby keem & travis scott
in his first interview following the astroworld festival tragedy that left 10 people dead and several others injured, travis scott said what transpired on november 5 has left him in an “emotional rollercoaster.”
travis scott says he been on an 'emotional rollercoaster' in first interview after astroworld tragedy. > https://bit.ly/3elu5eo #f2fa #africa #panafrican #diaspora
#bossipbytes: travis scott sits down with charlemagne the god in first interview since astroworld.
read more here: https://bit.ly/3iddqyr
alec baldwin and travis scott should not be talking to interviewers...
in one snippet of the interview with 
, travis scott went "almost a minute of saying absolutely nothing" that could land him in legal hot water, says attorney danny cevallos
travis scott's astroworld apology may have been a bad legal move
"i might have advised him not to apologize at all," attorney danny cevallos says after hearing travis scott's interview about the astroworld festival in houston, where 10 people died last month. an...
rapero travis scott confesó que no estaba al tanto de las muertes hasta después de su actuación http://dlvr.it/sf6tjh
we love a good distraction, but how is travis scott doin kris jenner?
kate 4 barnes & birds
who told travis scott that interview was a good idea wtf was he thinking
alpha male of the 'off-topic/randomness' subforum
tweezing my eyebrows up a bit, 25 push-ups real quick to get a little pump, changing into head to toe fear of god essentials w drawstrings hanging down to my ankles & the travis scott jordan 1s to go upstairs and check in on my kids slumber party
ayinkecrownred heart
we are besties now ohhhh. you have xxx, travis scott and lil uzi. we are best friends pleading facepleading face
85.5masterclassradio
travis scott - franchise ft. young thug & m.i.a https://rdo.to/masterclassrad
it would be so cool if 
 does a collab with one of my favorite rappers 
 and they make him a skin and other stuff!!!  and i'm a big fan of polo g his music is fire and dope! it would be fair because they did a travis scott collab 
travis scott breaks silence in first interview since astroworld tragedy - nbc news
travis scott breaks silence in first interview since astroworld...
in his first interview since the astrowold music festival tragedy that left 10 people dead, travis scott expressed remorse but said he is not to blame. » sub...
demandan de manera colectiva a travis scott por más de 10 billones de dólares >> https://bit.ly/3elrzmb
in an hour long interview with radio host charlamagne that god, travis scott shared new thoughts about the astroworld festival.
travis scott says he 'didn't know' astroworld fans were in trouble in new interview
houston (kiah) — in an hour long interview with radio host charlamagne that god, travis scott shared new thoughts about the astroworld festival. in an interview released on youtube on thursday…
natália. hailee's bdaypartying face
céline virando o travis scott no finalzinho kkkkk
new ep | 10/31 | available now
travis scott can't even say drakes name. smh
travis scott talks astroworld with charlamagne, denies knowing of fan injuries
gunow - noticias venezuela
rapero travis scott confesó que no estaba al tanto de las muertes hasta después de su actuación
travis scott não é artista 
travis scott não canta 
travis scott não compõe 
thong song enthusiast.
travis scott ran to black media (for the only time ever) to get sympathy and fix his image? very telling..
travis scott says he was unaware of issues that led to astroworld concert crush
rapper travis scott has said he was not aware of any problems at his astroworld concert last month that would have caused him to stop the show and denied that the high energy culture he encourages...
travis scott smoking his d34d fans pack like:
why do you want to fight travis scott rolling on the floor laughing
rolling stone brasil
após travis scott dar a primeira entrevista sobre o ocorrido no festival astroworld, familiares das vítimas criticaram o posicionamento do astro; confira:
people really bought tickets to travis scott's concert just to wake up in a juice wrld concert
astroworld interview: travis scott 'didn't hear' screams
astroworld interview: travis scott 'didn't hear' screams - global circulate
advertisement travis scott says he had no idea what was happening in the crowd at his deadly astroworld festival in houston last month, and he was told only that the show would be stopped after guest...
watching this travis scott and charlamagne interview…
how's this any different from the ridiculous travis scott documentary?
the shooting tragedy on the set of 'rust' with alec baldwin – what really happened? hear new interviews from crew members, the sheriff, the da, and the father of the armorer. 
they've accused travis scott multiple times for murder and he just had his first interview. kyle rittenhouse is swimming in talk interviews. this guy is literally seen in a video killing people (self defense or not). this is super weird and doesn't give the victims justice at all
these “luxury” legacy brands are falling off. kim for fendi travis scott for dior, kanya for lv unamused face🗑
saint.kamayirx.twita flag of rwanda
durag activity multiple musical notes
  ~ babykeem × travis scott~
todo dia uma foto diferente do travis scott
rooneys would cover it up 100% and i would take the fall if need b
the wicked sister smirking face
you knew everything of what was happening at your show! #travisscott #shameful #drake #noexcuses
travis scott faces lawsuits after deadly astroworld concert l gma
multiple lawsuits have been filed against the rapper, livenation and music artist drake after at least eight people were killed at the houston concert.read m...
coach t should be able to run this football team until he's ready for the retirement home idc
comunidad dominicana
travis scott asegura que desconocía gravedad del accidente durante concierto en astroworld
travis scott asegura que desconocía 
jackboys and travis scott ft. young thug - out west (dj rukus quickhitter) (dirty)
he needs to be traded before i **** him
wow. he actually blamed his own teammate for knocking the ball out his hands. this guys is something else lol
reconstituindo o tabu
o travis scott só sabe falar "you know" nessa entrevista
syringebilliards keyser josè
green ass travis scott outchea doing interviews n shit. no remorse. ain't apologize the whole interview. claimed he a man of god, with satanic symbolism all around him. black man just lettin these folks use ya.
jack you listen to travis scott
bathong travis scott
aye. don't you open up that windowrolling on the floor laughing twitter.com/kabelon__/stat…
m-c: nyc radio: travis scott talks with wwpr's charlamagne tha god https://buff.ly/3dib3vs
travis scott speaks out about astroworld tragedy in emotional interview
travis scott says he was unaware of deaths until after show (from 
untrue woman facepalming
travis scott says he was unaware of deaths until after show | ap news
houston (ap) — rapper travis scott said in an interview that he didn't know that fans had died at his astroworld festival in houston until after his performance. in a lengthy interview with radio...
recreational vehicle t0\/\/3r recreational vehicle
mi pregunta es se copió el montaje de travis scott?
ya salieron los badbunnies a defender a su dios. más predecibles por favooorrrr face with tears of joy
terri k flag of bermuda
eyes i just type “travis scott astroworld interview”
if travis scott needs to be he'd accountable for his actions, shouldn't rhcp, limp bizkit, metallica, be held accountable for the shit that happened at woodstock 99'? https://reddit.com/r/music/comments/rd9nzp/if_travis_scott_needs_to_be_hed_accountable_for/?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
travis scott opens up about astroworld tragedy: “it really hurts” (via 
paulcantor.medium.com
travis scott opens up about astroworld tragedy: “it really hurts”
in an interview with charlamagne tha god, the rapper defends himself and vows to find out what really happened.
happy birthday travis scott fortnite burger
kinda 7na we have a yearly festival and sometimes big celebs come like abel and travis scott but who tf cares i want taylor folded handsfolded hands sadly i know she'll never step a foot in africa
travis scott says he was unaware of issues that led to astroworld concert crush. #astroworld
rapper travis scott speaks out on astroworld tragedy that left 10 dead
rapper travis scott is telling his side of the story in his first sit-down interview since the astroworld concert tragedy. scott said he did not know people in the audience had died until after the …
have you seen this interview 
i'll be posting a full update soon on what it means, and some are not happy with it ... 
https://youtu.be/fs9svgvbsgw via 
sooooo this travis scott interview. i have a lot of questions :s
rapper travis scott said in an interview that he didn't know that fans had died at his astroworld festival in houston until after his performance.
ig: realfamilyconcreterose the devils cousinsmiling face with hornstrident emblemfire
anybody that feels like travis scott did anything wrong aint my type of person
young thug feat. j. cole & travis scott - the london https://rdo.to/wkmtdb
bulldog (king lion tm)
our denial of objective morality is so great that travis scott can say "i'm a man of god" in an interview about the people who were killed at his satanic concert.
and few of us will bat an eyelash.
'i'm a man of god': travis scott denies satanic themes at disastrous 'astroworld' festival http://dlvr.it/sf4q1k
travis scott said he a man of god face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy
travis scott denies legal liability in astroworld tragedy as lawsuits continue to mount https://lyriqal.com/2021/12/10/travis-scott-denies-legal-liability-in-astroworld-tragedy-as-lawsuits-continue-to-mount/
unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. it's not. - travis scott
nowplaying the london - young thug feat j. cole andamp; travis scott https://bit.ly/2voxpuf watch http://toptwelve.tv #radioimpact 14:00
tvgroove 海外セレブ／エンタメ／ファッションnews
トラヴィス・スコット、死亡者が出たフェス事故後初めてインタビューに応じるhigh voltage sign 「できる限りのことをした」と主張、今後の責任についても語る[movie camera動画あり]
トラヴィス・スコット、死亡者が出たフェス事故後初めてインタビューに応じる 「できる限りのことをした」と主張、今後の責任についても語る[動画あり] - tvgroove
人気ラッパーのトラヴィス・スコットが、自身が主催したフェスの事故後初めてインタビューに応じた。 今年11月5日、テキサス州ヒューストンにて、トラヴィス・スコット主催の音楽フェス「2021 astroworld festi...
travis scott has said he didn't notice concertgoers screaming and pleading for help during his first interview since the devastating crowd crush at astroworld that left 10 fans dead and hundreds injured.
letztens süßes queer paar getroffen. ich kaufe mir jetzt tickets für travis scott konzert smiling face with 3 hearts
wow !!!japanese goblinjapanese ogreclown facepile of pooextraterrestrial alienthumbs downthumbs downthumbs down
cheddar news cheese wedge
jussie smollett found guilty, first starbucks union, and travis scott breaks silence. 
here's what you #need2know. https://chdr.tv/gu5
tamesha holliday # 40 for shawn kemp.
i listened to travis scott interview yesterday, a very sad situation to remember for the rest of his life. how can we help do a benefit concert for him and the people that was hurt and passed away. can someone put this together for next summer. the city of houston,tx.
travis scott sat down for a chat with charlamagne tha god for his first interview since the astroworld tragedy.
julie amari mallorca
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy in new interview – rolling stone
new album coming (liam)
travis scott shoots like an all lives matter organizer.
once again, gayle king defends travis scott's actions by saying, "obviously, travis wouldn't have continued the concert had he known people were dying."  obviously, he should have stopped when he knew people were being injured simply by the arrival of so many emergency vehicles.
not travis scott saying it's none of his fault your fan base is the way they are cause of you!!! you literally taught them to be heathens.
young stoner life, young thug, gunna - diamonds dancing (feat. travis scott)  #np on #gtvradio #submit
ᵘᵖᵖᵉʳᵇᵉᵃᵗᵇᵒʸ (slow)⚪
performing arts 𝓣 𝓓 𝓟 milho ✮
ai vc cai num show do travis scott
travis scott gave his first interview since the astroworld disaster http://youtube.com/watch?v=fs9svgvbsgw&feature=youtu.be
travis scott handshake kamo mphela
young bernie woman cookdragon
travis scott could have prepared something to say in that interview
“tu não és o travis scott, tu és o mr. bean” 
                                  -saramago
travis scott says he's not satanic, not to blame for astroworld deaths https://vice.com/en/article/z3n4q5/travis-scott-astroworld-denies-responsibility-satanic-interview via 
travis scott says he's not satanic, not to blame for astroworld deaths
in his first interview following the astroworld disaster, travis scott said he couldn't see or hear what was happening in the crowd.
rapero travis scott es demandado por diez mil millones de dólares
el abogado de los afectados señala que el hecho ocurrido en astroworld fue una tragedia desmesurada más de un mes ha pasado desde los trágicos sucesos en astroworld (houston) cuando diez personas p…
travis scott has spoken for the first time since the astroworld tragedy which left 10 people dead. 
ten people died and many more were left injured after a crowd crush during scott's set at the festival.
10 coisas aleatórias que sou contra 
1. sociedades secretas/discretas
2. mulher namorar sem ser comigo
3. a jules de euphoria
10 coisas aleatórias que eu sou contra
5. buquê de rosas vermelhas
8. fã de after e derivados
10. lavar qualquer coisa no frio twitter.com/leticia_frts/s…
douglas the monkeyboy aka the white shaka thomsen
sickening! travis scott interview proof of larger astroworld 
konserinde çok sayıda kişi ölmüştü! travis scott açıklama yaptı
rap müzik şarkıcısı travis scott'ın teksas'ın houston kentinde verdiği konserde çıkan izdihamda 10 kişi ölmüştü. ünlü rapçi travis scott, konser hakkında ilk kez konuştu ve yaşananlardan haberi...
was he talking about #tfg or travis scott?flushed face
"he has responsibilty lets not forget the people went to see him its his name in lights hes the one who brought the people there he has history of incitement thinking face  sure sounds familiar
travis scott doing a 50 minute interview with charlamagne tha god is the most travis scott thing to do
diogo the ggoat face exhaling
bastante doloroso de se ver pensive face
birleşik medya haber ajansı
charlamagne tha god isimli radyo sunucusun programına konuk olan rapçi scott, houston'daki astroworld müzik festivali'nde yaşanan kargaşa …
sommelier de jardinagem
postei no instagram a música do travis scott mas na vdd tava tocando drake no fone
agora tá tocando jorge e mateus
nike jordan 1 low og sp fragment x travis scott - uk11 
rapper #travisscott, who is facing multiple lawsuits after a deadly crowd surge at his #astroworld music concert left 10 dead and several injured, said that he was clueless about the intensity of the incident until minutes before the press conference.
silverscreenindia.com
astroworld: “you can only help what you can see,” says rapper travis scott
rapper travis scott, who is facing multiple lawsuits after a deadly crowd surge at his astroworld music concert left 10 dead and multiple people injured, on november 5, said that he was clueless...
#travisscott dice que no escuchó los gritos de la gente pidiendo ayuda en la tragedia de #astroworld.squared sosdouble exclamation mark
travis scott - sicko mode
xx_sirhenrymcmahon_xx
looking forward to the travis scott concert at praia da rocha beach!
#travisscott #astroworld2021
1) don't compare them, bc one of them was an attack and the other one was something that was preventable is ts cared about others.
2) people were screaming to stop and he heard it said who's saying to stop the show and ignored it and continued.
drake trends for supposedly sleeping with kylie jenner behind travis scott's back
infamousgeneration.com
drake is arguably the biggest rapper in the world, so he's bound to be the subject of internet chatter on a regular basis. on wednesday (december 8), the ovo sound founder was again a trending twit…
travis scott said he's been “trying to really figure things out” in the weeks since the fatal crowd crush that took place during his performance at the astroworld f https://huffpost.com/entry/travis-scott-first-interview-after-astroworld-tragedy_n_61b21660e4b04ae319fb9af3?utm_campaign=share_twitter&ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 via 
  naw bra, not your fault you successful, but things need to be learned...
the rapper said he has “a responsibility to find a solution" in his first on-camera appearance since last month's deadly crowd surge.
every time a travis scott song comes on i skip it immediately and say acesinooooo.
zineel i really think you need to work on metronome fire hydrant travis scott table salt temperature desk
#np maxo kream ft travis scott - the relays  on #wejamradio https://s3.radio.co/sb6e22ee76/listen
konser faciasında 9 kişi ölmüştü; travis scott ilk kez konuştu
rapper travis scott is speaking out about the deadly astroworld crowd surge in houston last month:
where is travis scott today?
jastintrend.wordpress.com
travis scott has been keeping a low profile since 10 people died and more were injured during his astroworld festival performance. the rapper, 30, said in an interview with charlamagne tha god that…
i wonder how travis scott felt today…
all new!!! pop ascension has a great episode with an update on #travisscott #slim400 #simonebiles #tomholland #celebritybirthdays #judydench #nickcannon you don't want to miss this episode. #popculture
rhode island broadcasting - pop ascension ep 13: burning down the...
pop ascension ep 13: burning down the house join michelle and ron as they discuss all the hot topics in #entertainment, #music, #animalworld and #popculture
also called a travis scott concert.
chase claypool celebrating his first down when his team trying to spike the ball
fuck travis scott hes so fucking stupid
dnatest tubepetri dish
travis scott watching drake like “man that nigga was there too!”
travis scott - antidote
travis scott's interview didn't heal anyone, says victim's attorney https://tmz.com/2021/12/10/travis-scott-interview-rudy-pena-family-not-happy/ via 
drake – fair trade (audio) ft. travis scott #drake #fair #trade #audio #travis #scott
  another who is out of touch with reality. i heard him tell the crowd 'fuck em up' as they were surging the stage. he is responsible.
big stan the tee slayer hochot-shirtwoman's clothes
ion like how they tryna put all this blame on travis scott. i get it but they goin too far…they also keep saying shit about the kind of music he makes, if you know he makes dangerous rave music, why let your child go?
travis scott diz que estará sempre disponível para ajudar famílias de vítimas do festival astroworld e que será muito difícil se não conseguir ser perdoado por eles - https://portalrapmais.com/travis-scott-diz-que-sempre-estara-disponivel-para-ajudar-familias-de-vitimas-do-festival-astroworld/
i've been through the family , 
got a bad sister like janey,
i'm south-side don't panic,
got a switch ,got a change no transit ….
5% tint by travis scott;
kuwtk: kylie jenner calls out 'disrespectful' publications for claiming she and travis scott are in an 'open relationship' #music https://internetmarket-place.com/mytv/ https://celeb.dripepic.com/?p=10065
what do they really travis scott to do atp damn
very telling that kanye started his set with a travis scott verse
a conversation with travis scott and charlamagne tha god - hot 102.9
charlamagne tha god and travis scott in his first interview since the tragedies at the astroworld festival...
#nowplaying buss it (remix) (dirty) by erica banks ft travis scott http://weonnation.com
rap müzik şarkıcısı travis scott'ın teksas'ın h...
-umuraperi travis scott kugeza ubu ntiyorohewe n'imiryango yabuze ababo bari bitabiriye igitaramo cye. 
hab ja die travis scott geholt aber verkauf die direkt wieder wenn sie schön fein sauber sind weil digga so schuhe kann ich nicht tragen
unfollow and block travis scott!
roundup: wwe releases jeff hardy; rip robbie shakespeare; travis scott sits down with charlamagne tha god
roundup: wwe releases jeff hardy; rip robbie shakespeare; travis scott sits down with charlamagne...
wwe has released jeff hardy... reggae legend robbie shakespeare dies at 68... travis scott sat down with charlamagne tha god for an hour-long interview... insta
day like 6 of asking 
 to add travis scott back. 
now playing: baby keem & travis scott - durag activity (click here to listen)
attorney for astroworld victims blasts travis scott for
'shifting blame to somebody else' right pointing backhand indexpromote with usright pointing backhand indexhttps://bit.ly/soulpg
headykrueger aka slimetimepapi
leave travis scott alone he ain't smart enough to know what's going on bruh
travis scott speaks out in first interview since astroworld tragedy https://breaking911.com/travis-scott-speaks-out-in-first-interview-since-astroworld-tragedy/ via 
travis scott speaks out in first interview since astroworld tragedy - breaking911
charlamagne tha god and travis scott sit down in his first interview since the tragedy at the astroworld festival. scott said he's been on “an emotional roller coaster” since the show where 10 people...
travis scott belongs in prison as do many of his ilk.
traditional with his kind is habitual invoking of blame game as he ducks responsibility for encouraging/enabling ape-like behaviors, disrespect & harm.
political correctness accords carte blanche to us undoing.
fire alicce laflame fire
influencia de the weeknd, post malone, travis scott y drake, dilo sigo teniendo el hype por las nubes
travis scott says 'unaware' fans were hurt
travis scott says 'unaware' fans were hurt | reuters video
rapper travis scott said he was not aware of any problems at his astroworld concert last month that would have caused him to stop the show, and denied that the high energy culture he encourages...
i want these people to leave travis scott alone.
trap lore smoked this astroworld doc loudly crying face even more than abc. i didn't know travis scott had a history of this shit woozy face even with someone being paralyzed
nike air jordan 1 travis scott high size 9 https://ebay.co.uk/itm/125044550964?hash=item1d1d3c6d34%3ag%3aruyaaosw1ujhs0pw&mkcid=1&mkrid=710-53481-19255-0&siteid=3&campid=5338752399&customid=&toolid=10001&mkevt=1 ebay
travis scott says he broke his silence to start a healing process with his fans, and the families of astroworld victims — but an attorney for one of those families says the rapper's words did nothing...
travis scott denies knowing fans were injured in deadly astroworld concert in first sit-down interview https://foxnews.com/entertainment/travis-scott-interview-deadly-astroworld-concert #foxnews
travis scott denies knowing fans were injured in deadly astroworld concert in first sit-down...
travis scott was confronted about whether he knew there were injuries – and ultimately deaths – during his nov. 5 festival that left 10 people dead and about 300 people injured.
por cierto, el concierto de travis scott fue un muy exitoso test de esta tecnología reptiliana. queda latente q pueden matar de manera selectiva. en 2022 se van a poner en modo full orwell, "desaparecerá" gente y no dirán el motivo.
sebanyak 10 orang meninggal akibat insiden di festival astrowold travis scott.
pengacara korban astroworld kecam pernyataan travis scott saat wawancara
theorem de pythagoras
it'll be interesting to see how fast the judicial system holds travis scott liable for this tragedy compared to how fast that same judicial system holds trump liable for inciting a riot on the u.s. capitol.
travis scott's interview didn't heal anyone, says victim attorney | tmz http://dlvr.it/sf6q6k #tmz #hiphop #celebrity
travis scott's interview didn't heal anyone, says victim attorney |...
travis scott says he broke his silence to start a healing process with his fans, and the families of astroworld victims -- but an attorney for one of those f...
travis scott's name not actually being travis scott
travis scott gives first interview since #astroworld tragedy, denies he knew fans were injured
tony buzzbee, attorney for several of the astroworld victims, has blasted travis scott for not taking responsibility for his actions."axel
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy: 'i have a responsibility'
travis scott opens up about astroworld tragedy: 'i have a...
the 30-year-old rapper says he is "1000 percent” did everything he could to help dying audience members during the mass casualty concert.
travis scott is better
it's been done before homie. 2020, travis scott
今日は珍しくtravis scottsmiling face
michelle diana zibutis
your interview didn't heal anyone – legal counsel to victim of travis scott's concert replies rapper
your interview didn't heal anyone - legal counsel to victim of travis scott's concert replies...
valerie cortinas fisher, lawyer of 23-year-old rudy peña who was one of the 10 attendees tha lost their lives last month at travis scott's astroworld festival
#nowplaying “highest in the room” by travis scott on #anghami
travis scott - highest in the room | play on anghami
play and download "highest in the room" by "travis scott" - i got room in my fumes (yeah) she fill my mind up with ideas i'm the highest in the room (it's lit)...hip hop, released on october 06, 2019.
best rap mashupscontrol knobsfire(pt3)
trophy n'golo kante the goat trophy
carti and travis scott exist
hoje o adm completa 17 anos, me deem parabéns loudly crying face
lo están demandado por 200 mil millones de dólares la gente que fue al concierto de travis scott
rapper travis scott has said he was not aware of any problems at his astroworld concert last month that would have caused him to stop the show, and denied that the high energy culture he encourages contributed to the crush that killed 10 people.
watch | travis scott breaks his silence on concert tragedy in first interview | channel
travis scott is speaking to charlamagne tha god in his first interview since the astroworld concert tragedy.
travis scott diz que não sabia de problemas durante tragédia em show no texas https://ift.tt/3dusdb7
the way adey shy cbaa kckcc err. i think i need deliverance see-no-evil monkeysee-no-evil monkeysee-no-evil monkeysee-no-evil monkey
bra dat nigga stinks
bra deadhomies clb is ass and y'all need 2 stop calling it good
get travis scott outta here man. "make sure fans get the proper attention they need" you mean the time you spit in and urged the audience to jump the kid that took your shoe. or the times you uploaded pics of passed out fans thanking them for raging
dreams 2 reality (feat. nocap) by lil baby
listen to dreams 2 reality (feat. nocap) by lil baby on apple music. 2018. duration: 4:35
sarvodaya appreciator
travis scott has ruined his career with that latest interview lol
one of the worst fucking videos i've ever seen
now playing bubbly (clean) by young thug ft drake & travis scott!
travis scott évoque pour la 1ère fois le drame de l'astroworld festival dans une interview
travis scott a accepté d'évoquer les incidents survenus lors de l'astroworld festival lors …
showbiz minute: jussie smollett - travis scott - alec baldwin
travis scott charlamagne tha god interview highlights
travis scott charlamagne tha god interview highlights - cazy boy tech
“people said they collectively heard folks screaming 'help' every time you stopped a song to get your attention. did you hear any of those screams?” the host asked. “nah man,” scott said, explaining...
vous faites pitié a mettre vos sweat/tshirt travis scott au lycee wsh juste écoutez ?. 
(j'ai unn tshirt yeezy)
trying to work out who says “you know” more in interviews, travis scott or will smith?
“travis scott breaks his silence”
can he break his neck next
robert jebediah hlomendlini jali thought balloon
it's  really kinda embarrassing how ya'll think that travis scott x nike shoe is fake smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat
nike ナイキ ×travis scott ×fragment design air jordan 1 low og sp トラヴィススコット フラグメント エアジョーダン1ロー スニーカー dm7866-1
【楽天市場】nike(ナイキ)×travis scott ×fragment design air jordan 1 low og sp トラヴィススコット フラグメント エアジョーダン1ロー...
nike(ナイキ)×travis scott ×fragment design air jordan 1 low og sp トラヴィススコット フラグメント エアジョーダン1ロー スニーカー dm7866-140【中古】【程度ab】【カラーマルチカラー】【取扱店舗渋谷】
#e_radious families of astroworld victims criticise travis scott following first interview since tragedy https://e-radio.us/families-of-astroworld-victims-criticise-travis-scott-following-first-interview-since-tragedy/
i give no fucks about all the travis scott drama but a lot of anger is misplaces imo, live nations been stuffing shows full of people like cattle for expensive tickets and $21 beers for years and nobody is mentioning them at all. a lot of bigger artists dont book their own shit
is the travis scott's fake account? only he could watch that and think that helped. he came across incredibly selfish and bad
here's the latest information about the deadly crowd surge at travis scott's nov. 5 astroworld concert in houston and the investigation into it https://wsj.com/articles/what-happened-travis-scott-astroworld-tragedy-11636478633?st=dsd3clxzdekq5xr&reflink=desktopwebshare_twitter via 
(part 1) why st.ven is better than travis scott | ep.9 w/ st.ven a.k.a s... https://youtu.be/d6d28ciuzxg via 
(part 1) why st.ven is better than travis scott | ep.9 w/ st.ven...
st.ven also known as steven alba is my best friend since we were in high school. it just so happened that he's a very talented artist and i have a podcast so...
misscrayon water waveflag of united states
#travisscott says he was unaware of deaths until after show (from 
travis scott's interview about the "tragic" events at astroworld is the best rapper interview in the world, he explains exactly what "raging" is and what his pov was on stage, he basically was saying him being on stage he didn't see people were needing the show stoped *part 1*
i can't stand travis scott's speaking voice. just me?
6traintoparkchester film project 2021
dirk goes to ccny...a week before leaving to go back to hampton university.  damn dee!
watch the documentary for more details:  
 https://l8r.it/ihkv
this should never happen again.  right?
#ccny #travisscott #houston 
#6traintoparkchester https://l8r.it/nzfs
travis scott quebra silêncio sobre festival onde morreram 10 pessoas
travis scott quebra silêncio sobre festival onde morreram 10 pessoas - on fm
no inicio do mês de novembro, travis scott organizou um festival de música onde morreram 10 pessoas, incluindo uma criança, ezra blount, de nove anos. o rapper deu ontem, 9 de dezembro, sua primeira...
travis scott, 10 kişinin öldüğü konseri hakkında konuştu: kafamı toparlamaya çalışıyorum
travis scott, konseri sırasında yaşanan izdihamla ilgili açıklama yaptı. sanatçı, izdiham sonrasında kendisine ölenlerin olduğunun söylenmediğini, bunun için şarkı söylemeye devam ettiğini iddia etti.
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after show #wanitaxigo
sbedinews.blogspot.com
sbedinews: travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found...
travis scott talks about astroworld festival in first interview since tragedy https://complex.com/music/travis-scott-astroworld-festival-tragedy-interview glad 2 hear his side #travisscott #astroworld
travis scott gets emotional as he breaks silence since astroworld tragedy || see video http://dlvr.it/sf6dyq
travis scott is a peace of garbage
travis scott addresses satanic ritual conspiracy theory & violence at his shows
travis scott addresses viral conspiracy theories about the astroworld festival tragedy being a satanic ritual. in the immediate aftermath of the astroworld festival tragedy in houston, texas, durin…
'shameful': houston attorney blasts travis scott's request for dismissal from astroworld lawsuits https://southeastforkliftsofhouston.blogspot.com/2021/12/shameful-houston-attorney-blasts-travis.html
advogado das famílias de vítimas do festival de travis scott diz que rapper está 'se pintando como vítima': "tudo que ele disse foi orientado por advogados e calculado para transferir a culpa dele para outra pessoa" - https://portalrapmais.com/advogado-da-familia-de-vitima-do-festival-de-travis-scott-diz-que-rapper-esta-se-pintando-como-vitima/
#nowplaying bubbly by young thug with drake & travis scott on 
travis scott says he didn't know fans were hurt during astroworld performance
travis scott denies liability for the astroworld fatal incident, asks for lawsuits to be dismissed https://go247blog.com/2021/12/travis-scott-denies-liability-for.html?m=1
they're playing travis scott at prom
american's condemning travis scott for the festival stuff but let a 17 year old shoot and kill two people in the street and get let off! face with raised eyebrow america really is an embarrassment
travis scott is done
msbawoni| cx consultant & coach
this travis scott interview unamused faceunamused faceunamused faceunamused face
travis scott - goosebumps
masupha soncall me hand
that's a travis scott jordan one. it doesn't face the same way as the others
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after the show https://ift.tt/3gwrjun
travis scott's interview didn't heal anyone, says victim's attorney: travis scott says he broke his silence to start a healing process with his fans, and the families of astroworld victims -- but an attorney for one of those families says the rapper's…
travis scott says he broke his silence to start a healing process with his fans, and the families of astroworld victims -- but an attorney for one of those families says the…
travis scott breaks silence in first interview since astroworld
travis scott breaks silence in first interview since astroworld - northamericahiphop
lil uzi sqwirtz dress
all the money from free larry hoover really going to pay travis scott's attorneys.
jetzt auf #ewm: goosebumps von #travisscott ... jetzt einschalten: https://es-wird-morgen.de #eswirdmorgen #webradio #internetradio
es wird morgen - webradio für gute laune
es wird morgen webradio ist das webradio für gute laune aus offenbach am main.
sorry travis scott...whatever your intentions were doing this interview only makes you look even more insensitive; i'm not sure if there will ever be anything you can do but manning up and addressing these lawsuits publicly would be a good place to start!
flag of united states trump won flag of united states
travis scott needs to go down. there's video from that night of him inciting violence and it's not the first time.
travis scott says he broke his silence to start out a 
bollywood tapri admission tickets
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after the show  #bollywoodtapri #bollywoodnews #bollywood #bollywoodbreaking #rt #like
families of astroworld victims criticise travis scott following first interview since tragedy http://dlvr.it/sf69fs #breakingnews #music #stageplayerplus
families of astroworld victims criticise travis scott following first interview since tragedy
some of the victim's families have spoken out following scott's first interview
families of astroworld victims criticise travis scott following first interview since tragedy -...
the families of the victims from the astroworld tragedy have criticised travis scott following his first interview since the event.
this is a clone , shapeshifter or a reptilian. i know travis scott when i see him.
rapper travis scott said he was not aware of any problems at his astroworld concert last month that would have caused him to stop the show, and denied that the high energy culture he encourages contributed to the crush that killed 10 people https://reut.rs/3phqzlo
lol i can't take this travis scott interview seriously
i know travis scott, this is not travis scott
[:en]travis scott speaks on astroworld festival tragedy in first interview[:]
travis scott speaks on astroworld festival tragedy in first interview
in his first interview since his deadly crowd surge in texas last month, us rapper travis scott has said he did not realise that concertgoers were in trouble as he performed in texas last month. ten...
me behind the camera of  
 interview…bruh! #astroworldfest #astroworldfestival
fica baixando porno do travis scott rebaixado da nisso amigão
, i'm tired of hearing about this sick asshole already. let's make an example out of this talentless, filthy, filthy animalsmiling face with horns #canceltravisscott
le_mon water wavedragon
i'll never forget the mosh pits at the fortnite travis scott concert. 
i broke both my arms that day
bro went from making a thread about pete davidson yo talking about travis scott
waiting for the pew die pie review of the travis scott interview
travis scott (mtm leevandam)
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after show   https://ift.tt/3dh3q1e
kwasia face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joybroken heart
don toliver ft. travis scott - flocky flocky
i know travis scott. check this picture
this is a clone or a shapeshifter or a reptilian twitter.com/ackjones/statu…
this is a clone, this is not travis scott
donc burna est superior q tupac, snoop, nicki minaj ou travis scott?
est-ce que tu as écouté " twice as tall " ??? arrêtez d'être 
travis scott denies knowing about astroworld injuries in interview with charlamagne tha god - cnn
travis scott denies knowing about astroworld injuries in interview with charlamagne tha god
travis scott told radio and talk show host charlamagne tha god that he's been on an "emotional rollercoaster" since 10 people died and many more were injured at his astroworld festival.
travis scott äußert sich im interview nach massenpanik bei astroworld festival http://ueberschriften.com/?nr=6423360
i know travis scott when i see him. this is not travis scott.
【tiktok remix】pop smoke & travis scott - creature x 5% tint(tiktok remix) https://youtu.be/g_oxpeoutvu 
【tiktok remix】pop smoke & travis scott - creature x 5% tint(tiktok...
white heavy check markチャンネル登録はこちらから: https://www.youtube.com/c/garyu?sub_confirmation=1speaker他のビートについては私のプレイリストをチェックしてください: pencil 特別な無料のトラック(special free beet): https://youtube.com/play...
i'm glad travis scott is doing interviews now.
frankfurter allgemeine gesamt
in dem ersten längeren interview nach dem unglück im texanischen houston, bei dem zehn konzertbesucher starben und einige hundert verletzt wurden, sprach #travisscott über trauer und gefühlschaos.
travis scott über astroworld: „ich habe erst später erfahren, was passiert ist“
in dem ersten längeren interview nach dem unglück im texanischen houston, bei dem zehn konzertbesucher starben und einige hundert verletzt wurden, sprach der musiker über trauer und gefühlschaos.
yo se q la internet entera odia a travis scott ahora mismo pero hay q hablar la real no fue todo culpa de él en la mayoría, decir no va a arreglar el verdadero problema q ocurrió ahí lo cual fueron varias cosas
dragonlord, fully vaxxed and boosted
travis scott is no different than donald trump.
 travis scott interview said "you know what i mean" &"you know?" 347 times! #wtf
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after show
in his first extensive sit-down interview since the astroworld tragedy, american rapper travis scott has said that he wasn't aware of the events that were unfolding while he was on stage on the nig…
#nowplaying travis scott - sicko mode (clean) :: tune in:
online radio station | a&o radio | united states
hip-hop, r&b, old school and new artist on a&o radio
entirely too convenient. am i the only one seeing the possibility of these getting into the hands of zealots? 
oh my! *gasp* however did that happen? 
followed by news stories of people being tagged, much like travis scott astroworld concert-goers felt jabs.
anonymous uk citizen
flag of australia queensland - more hell
travis scott says he had no idea what was happening in the crowd at his deadly astroworld festival in houston last month, and he was told only that the show would be stopped after guest drake had left the stage.
travis scott 'didn't hear' screams during astroworld set
travis scott told radio and talk show host charlamagne tha god that he's been on an "emotional rollercoaster" since 10 people died and many more were injured at his astroworld
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after show : bollywood news
news.technelofar.com
cjgfxman artistartist palette
watched the whole travis scott interview…ima just say bruh don't need to do no mo interviews
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after show : bollywood news – bollywood hungama
this travis scott interview boring
l' actu music #actuhits1 #bobbyshmurda #daftpunk #drdre #lilnasx #marylinmanson #morganwallen #music #oliviarodrigo #people #theweeknd #travisscott #hits1- (daft punk, #adele, lil nas x... top des artistes les plus recherchés  ...) a été publiée sur  - https://hits1radio.com/daft-punk-adele-lil-nas-x-top-des-artistes-les-plus-recherches-sur-google-en-2021/
kubi live post love-you gesture
travis scott's interview didn't heal anyone : victims' lawyers react https://kubilive.com/travis-scotts-interview-didnt-heal-anyone-victims-lawyers-react/ via 
ramit plushnickmasti
) #travisscott #astroworld #houston
on the back it said ctg x travis scott face with tears of joy
mid-life crisis gambino
travis scott konserinde 9 yaşındaki çocuk öldü ve diyor ki ben izdiham olduğunu görmedim. bu kadar mağdur numarası da yapılmaz he
kanye is great, but the greatest rap performer on stage is undeniably travis scott. that man is a beast.he make sounds from the other side
hey, it's morgan freeman 🅴
me in the crowd and i hear travis scott rapping on praise god:
now playing: young thug - bubbly (ft drake & travis scott) (click here to listen)
ma si dai, non sei mica ad un concerto di travis scott
rapçi travis scott, 10 kişinin öldüğü konseri hakkında ilk kez konuştu
charlamagne tha god isimli radyo sunucusun programına konuk olan ünlü rap müzisyeni travis scott, houston'daki astroworld müzik festivali'nde …
bethany flag of kenya(random account)
the travis scott incident really put me off secular hip hop. god has brought so many anointed rappers my way. i didn't even search for them (you know how searching for new music is stress)
mtm isaiah · song · 2021
jussie smollett found guilty, josh duggar convicted, president biden on late night tv, sex and the city reboot premieres, travis scott breaks silence, the fonz memorabilia, olivia rodrigo named entertainer of the year…
entertainment news nuggets - 12-10-2021 - the daily dish - omny.fm
jussie smollett found guilty, josh duggar convicted, president biden on late night tv, sex and the city reboot premieres, travis scott breaks silence, the fonz memorabilia, olivia rodrigo named...
jussie smollett found guilty, josh duggar convicted, president 
) says he didn't know fans were injured until after #astroworld concert
read: https://bit.ly/3ogsiun
travis scott made an important move following the recent concert massacre. check out the latest reports that have been revealed by the shade room. 'earlier this week, #travisscott gave his fi…
did anyone watch this travis scott interview?
travis scott broke the silence on the astroworld tragedy in which 10 people were killed; says he only found out about it after the show: bollywood news
travis scott broke the silence on the astroworld tragedy in which 10 people were killed; says he...
in his first comprehensive sit-down interview since the astroworld tragedy, american rapper travis scott said he was unaware of what happened on stage on the ni
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10; says they came to know about it only till after show : bollywood 
travis scott 'was unaware' fans were hurt at astroworld
the us rapper says he only discovered the impact of a deadly crowd surge after the festival in texas. source: bbc news
read full article - https://ift.tt/3dotxu0
travis scott breaks silence on astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people; says he found out about it only until after show https://bollywoodhungama.com/news/bollywood/travis-scott-breaks-silence-astroworld-tragedy-killed-10-people-says-found-show/?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
the latest breaking and news, business, technology, sports, jobs, entertainment, etc. related news are published here. daily news prime, where news never gets old.
#travisscott's interview didn't heal anyone, says victim's attorney https://tmz.com/2021/12/10/travis-scott-interview-rudy-pena-family-not-happy/ via 
 #astroworldfest #astroworld #astroworldfestival #houston #texas
𝙮𝙤𝙪𝙧 𝙛𝙖𝙫𝙤𝙪𝙧𝙞𝙩𝙚 𝙥𝙚𝙧𝙨𝙤𝙣
travis scott - astroworld (redux)
rapper travis scott has said he was not aware of any problems at his astroworld concert last month that would have caused him to stop the show and denied that the high energy culture he encourages contributed to the crush that killed 10 people.
travis scott says he was unaware of issues that led to astroworld concert crush - sabc news -...
most of travis scott fans are a reseller crowd
10 tote bei konzert - travis scott bricht sein schweigen! https://bild.de/unterhaltung/leute/leute/travis-scott-nach-astroworld-katastrophe-jetzt-bricht-er-sein-schweigen-78500710.bild.html #prominews #promis
travis scott nach astroworld-katastrophe: jetzt bricht er sein schweigen!
travis scott erklärt seine sicht auf die „astroworld“-katastrophe mit zehn toten.
travis scott has never been a great orator, interviews is not his strong suit at all
travis scott's interview didn't heal anyone, says victim attorney | tmz
travis scott says he broke his silence to start a healing 
travis scott hasn't been removed
this bitch talking about the travis scott astroworld festival was a ritualloudly crying faceman facepalming
skunknoodles || vtuber debut eventually
100% to blame. also how can you interperet "travis scott is like hitler" from what i've been saying?
* in my travis scott voice * loudly crying faceloudly crying facerolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing
kissing and rubbing on a nigga while he sleeps really lets you know that you in too deeploudly crying faceloudly crying face
so there are 2 travis scott's in this worldface screaming in fear
african hausa blog hundred points symbol
breaking: drake allegedly slept with kylie jenner behind travis scott's back https://360hausa.com.ng/breaking-drake-allegedly-slept-with-kylie-jenner-behind-travis-scotts-back/
travis scott had no business doing that interview with charlamagne. from the surface level questions to what seemed like a struggle for travis to show emotion.…. it just seemed unnecessary.
breaking: drake allegedly slept with kylie jenner behind travis scott's back
breaking: drake allegedly slept with kylie jenner behind travis scott's back | 360hausa.com
another bad day for drake fans, as he is accused of sleeping with travis scott's baby mama 'kylie jenner'. a woman claiming to be the mother of tristan
pessgo purrycrossed swordspirate flagbilled cap
g oublié travis scott
travis scott's interview didn't heal anyone, says victim's attorney http://dlvr.it/sf5rqm
