you're not responsible for deaths & injuries at your houston concert for which you, blake & astroworld have been sued? you were found guilty & paid fines for prior incident, but learned zip. why didn't anyone inform you via earpiece? you can't absolve yourself of guilt.
paapa wondersflag of south africa+27782522715.
14 year old boy crushed to death. think about that when you play with filters on instagram.
people are placing blame on the wrong individuals in these comments. it's travis' fault for not protecting his fans. he disrespects the people hired to protect him so wtf do you think they're going to do in return? i hope travis gets what's coming to him..
"yeeeeaahhhhhhhhhhhhh"
justsomerandomaccountimade
you aren't devastated because of what happened. you are devastated because of all the backlash you're getting.
you had no remorse for these families. what if that was your baby girl? i bet that girl was so happy she was able to go to a concert.
hakuna matata palm treesparkles
there are times when “the show must go on” does not apply.
yours and your fans actions were utterly disgusting. there are parents out there who have to see and know that a concert carried on *without hesitation* around their child's dead body.
joel embiid's other child
hey i'm not even a travis scott fan, but this is probably the video you guys should be sharing.
35 second mark, travis stops the show and asks for help:
where's the cancel culture now? cancel travis scott!!
the immediate response and support in question
and, if you do a festival with this numbers of people, you should make sure that everything is ok. it was horrible, the organization was the worst thing i ever seen, this is unexplainable, it's enough with see this video… wtf man
i apologized to them and they said don't worry about it. you did great. we just got caught up in the music and wasn't paying any attention. so we are sorry. 45 min later show was up and running.
prayers to those who lost loved ones. also prayers for the injured ❤❤
travis thinking how he gon drop utopia now
you can clear a path for your family to leave (so you knew what was happening) but let hundreds of your fans fall victim to death
this happened once to me in a concert. i was escorted out because of something that was happening and had no clue what was going on. until like 4 hours after that a friend of mine found out that someone overdosed and people where on top of the person
start shipping the hoodies, i need my cactus jack fragment skeleton hoodie please bro
this how i'm feelin cause it's been at least 19 weeks
the festival should of automatically been cancelled as soon as the overcrowding started at 11am. everyone could see the issue yet you were oblivious to it.
jackson james michael gilmore
do really think that doing an interview with mr. got away with it was a good idea?
sickening! travis scott interview proof of larger astroworld cover...
sickening! travis scott interview proof of larger astroworld cover up?!s u p p o r t t h i s. c h a n n e l:subscribe, donate, get merch & follow us here...
here's the link to the full breakdown:
lies & spin - travis scott first interview on astroworld tragedy -...
lies & spin - travis scott first interview on astroworld tragedy - full breakdown - live!s u p p o r t t h i s. c h a n n e l:subscribe, donate, get merc...
oh my god, i'm so confused, i can't justify what i did but i don't want to blame you, i don't know howskull!!
“devastated” *doesn't stop the show*
you do realise thats a camera man, and not travis
this new travis scott leak so fire ong smiling face with hornssmiling face with hornsfolded handshundred points symbolhundred points symbol
my dad loved you before this he made a song for you
jasthiswavy · song · 2021
bro, u stopped ur show because when u stage dived someone took ur shoe, but you don't stop it when people are fucking dying
i understand this is a tragic incident, however i know you are a millionaire, i need $100,000 usd for a nft project. i will pay you back as soon as possible.
nah bruh you knew what you did.
alejandro mata veracruz
none of the 8 families have received money for funeral costs so far!
you said that you would pay for them. was that just an empty promise for your own pr???
say their names: rodolfo peña, axel acosta, franco patino, brianna rodriguez …
astroworld fest victim's family to establish scholarship in his name
here are the family's plans for one of the 8 who perished.
every single family denied his support. which makes great sense. it's like getting knocked out and waking up to the person who knocked you out asking if you need help to get up.
at least they could listen to a better concert in heaven, a juice wrld one
what can i say about travis scott that hasn't already been said about afghanistan...bombed out and depleted.
woodstock had over 100,000 ppl no violence travis incited the riot again prison  for him
folded handsfolded handsfolded hands and blessings. hopefully people can move on and stop blame. parents need to be parents and people need to be more aware. it's everybody's responsibility, not just the performer.
go to travis artist spotify and click the 3 dots... under his name and select "don't play artitst" it will stop him from getting money. boost this.
bruh i hate how the fact how you just sit there and still do the
and why with everything i've read is astroworld not being held responsible at all when it's really the fault of the venue for not keeping the peace
why this interview? did alec baldwin not teach u anything? after u pay all d lawsuits, join forces with those affected n create standards for concert safety, teach up n coming artists what not to do to fans n d impact artists have n how their livelihood depends on living fans!
can you do the robot at my grandmas funeral?
stay up king crowncrown this shit ain't on u hundred points symbol folded hands to the families that have lost. i know u feel it too .. but, it's not on you my g. stay focused and keep pushing raising handsraising hands. blessings from ldn uk
he is now denying any responsibility for this horrific incident wake up!!!
#travisscottisoverparty
original “got god?”®™
sparklesprincesparklesfolded hands
a form of healing for who
distsnowflakertbotchristmas tree
um no way you ain't see at least 10 ambulances and people pass out in the vip section…
what he post to do ? what if he dont know cpr ? ambulance should be held responsible for getting their late & victims mostly had drugs in their system & not staying hydrated
doesn't even need words. you can just feel it.
i can't deal with this picture. it has actually scarred me.
there are three dead people in this picture alone. 1 is blue.
sickening. those poor kids. may they all rest in peace.
to all the people who actually broke through barriers, pushed, shoved, punched, and stepped all over other people… i hope you sleep well at night knowing what you did and you know who you are… you all caused all of this
travis while tweeting this
people talking about it's travis's fault, but we don't even know the reason why people who got hurt/died. who was hurt because of the poison? who was hurt because of the panic? i hear there was more security than the world series.
take responsibility for what occured!!!
don't even want my fragment socks. already sold my shoes. it's been past 12 weeks. just give me refund.
lies, lies, lies, you know man what comes around goes around!!
l concert bro neutral face
joe rogan pizza from brazil
bruh you fucking were on stage while this was going on, in one video looked like you were smiling. seriously hope you get what you deserve.
i prefer metal band. cancel travis scott
bxrry | nft promoter
imagine being named after a burger
oh i see... so u devastating now...
no you're not you heard the crowd chanting and begging for the show to stop while you did the ducking robot and acted like nothing happened
you didn't even take the time to type out the tweet and posted a picture
disappointed but relieved facedisappointed but relieved face
listen to mamacita by erion
let's see this before evening
the following media includes potentially sensitive content. change settings
flag of united statesnuanced
lou m. taylor, who put britney in a conservatorship, runs kim's trust (probably planning on putting kanye in a conservatorship as well), is travis's manager… make sure she's far away from him right now, or she'll lock him in a conservatorship too!
luv you jacque mending heart
watch out it's snakes snake out there just was wondering if anybody else at the
wanted to contribute for the events that took place at
in texas? least we know
lead by example man drop racks because of that went wrong!
why loudly crying face
well you knew what you were doing and know how people are and know how many people would go crazy?!
i pray and wish folded handsyou regain your dignity.
lalacherriesprincess treatment only crown
travis scott speaks up
more pile of poo comin from him.  looks like he just woke up when so many probably couldn't even close they eyes. never apologizes, just emotionless.  devastated? how? never told people to back up, get off the ems vehicle or really stop the show  when the entire crowd was yellin for help!
kristen meinzer (she/her)
hi! i rewrote this for you.
this shit could be ur new song
everyone present at the festival ground is to blame if we really want to play the blame game....but anyways is a paid concert and no one wanted to stop the party...sicko world
i agree, where's the outrage from celebs with huge platforms?  he should never be allowed to do another concert again. im hoping he's uninsurable.  his apology was not sincere
people rushing through security to get to astroworld
that single security guard at the start of the video was trying his best, but it was clearly a losing battle. crazy that they thought that so many people rushing in like this so early in the day wouldn't be a problem.
massive fail on everyone's part, including travis scott.
in what world does “stop the show!” mean make more noise? astroworld? no. people died on your time.
katie the crazy lady
he's taking directions from someone. he can't hear anything.
my son was at the bottom of one of the human piles. he was crushed. while he survived, many around him did not. they were all screaming for help and to stop the show. you did not and you, the crew, venue and promoters will  be held responsible.
artist to artist, i seen this man stop the show was it 4x? we are taught to play through everything...he didn't. i see alot of people putting blame on
...sometimes things are unable to foresee
why does this guy still have 11.3 followers
i just wanna see how one of you people would handle 50k people while still performing. that's not his responsibility there's staff for that.
ummm !!! let's be clear do you people realize that when you are performing unless you're hundred points symbol focused on the crowd!! 50k ppl look like little dots!!! he did not know!!! unfortunately!! screams of “help” isn't crystal clear in a 50k crowd!!!1/2
$2b lawsuit man... you gon need to drop utopia if you even want a chance covering it
first of all, why would you let 50k people be in a crowd? i already predicted that these kind of things will happen. and you guys are acting like covid never exist.
you have my full support.
people are responsible for their own actions. i'm sorry so many lost their lives and were injured.but one thing is for sure,parents need to be supervising their children. who in their right mind would let a child under 18 be left unsupervised
ipad air 4 ipad pro 4
i dare you to watch horror movies i many as you find and get scared this is a dare you can't do it over and over and over and over
flag of philippinesnaruto uzumaki 7thflag of japan hokage
welp this made it worst then  expected this wasn't the first time travis did this skull
i just wanted to say this i know you may not see this but nobody could foresee this happening and there's no way you could have know the devastation that was unfolding my prayers to you to cause i know this has to impact your heart and soul and of course i pray for the families
mad love to you travis and support,,, prayers to those who died,, but totally not your fault, hold your head. it's the venue and security responsible for the crowd and all even your safety prayers for healing facts first
is a hard time for you
but always remember to every darkest days there's always a brighter morning and sunrise's you always be my icon no matter the situation you're never alone brored heartred heartred heartred heartred heartflag of nigeriaflag of nigeriaflag of nigeriaflag of nigeria
this represents a prelude to the carnage at a festival that should have been fun, instead 1000s were trapped in absolute hell, couldn't breathe, blood everywhere
the memory of this tragedy must be kept alive those too rich to care, must also be remembered for what they didn't do
man said that he carried about his fans even tho he didn't stop the concert
why would you show a old clip of a old concert? the kid tried stealing his shoe obviously he would be upset. during the astroworld fest he stopped multiple times but media wont show that
i saw slipknot yesterday and not even a metal crowd is like that. we all look out for eachother. with how aggressive the music is you'd think we're animals but at least we look out for eachother
da real sussu ٧green heartseedling
i've been in a megadeth, korn, black sabbath, and marilyn mason's concerts before, and especially megadeth it was rough man, i needed to be carried away from the crowd 'cause i couldn't breath… 'cause i'm short and the crowd have it's own will to move and push you…
just going to leave this here
yall just wanna bash him and make him seem worse than he is. he said two hands to the sky, if yall really payed attention to the whole situation and performance yall would know this.
guess whose career is over.  just guess. and while you're at it, guess who's going to have every dollar he owns swallowed up by lawsuits.
wow dude….just wow. i pray that you fire your pr and that never recover from this one. this is gut wrenching dude. imagine if it was your child in that crowd. #canceltravisscott
before travis even came out as well!! the media is lying about the numbers of people!!
i miss kurt broken heart
there's a literal video of you singing while you're literally looking at someone passed out, any decent artist would of stopped the show. it's not that hard to be a decent human being, but yeah, a notes apology fixed everything
*nsfw* this is the video, found on r/publicfreakout
so we ain't gonna talk abt this
idk what this is anymore.
deleted the tweet, caught on video disregarding people/emts/dead body's, camera crew and many others were alerted but no the show must go on right? broken heart the fact that ppl are trying to defend you broken heart
cmon man you also need to apologize
this is the moment your two guys in your crew stopped to tell you what was going on. when you said "all that all that" you were dismissing them saying you didn't want to hear all that.... 1
amina▪︎أمينة white heartcrescent moon.
no one should die at a concert..when ariana's was targeted by terrorists she saw victims in hospital, payed medical bills/funeral service& on the anniversary of it she annually posts to remember the event& those who died, but all travis does is a notes app apology& a video?? wtf
emilylovesthetexans!
bruh i hate how the fact how you just sit there and still do the concert when millions of people died and you think clout is better than death? you could've stopped the show when everybody at the show was screaming that a lot of people were hurt in the process of doing the concer
bro what? millions of people?
i have been trying to contact who ever i need to contact regarding my family member who has hurt at your concert
if he stopped  the show  it would  probably  cause  a riot  and a lot  more people  would  be  dead or injured
plenty of footage of musicians stopping their shows when bad s**t happens in the crowd. metallica & pearl jam are known for stopping their shows and they both draw crowds as huge as travis's, if not larger. the excuse that there was a risk of a riot is a bunch of bs. sorry.
the most basic half assed pr written shit i've ever seen
thought exactly the same. he watched people die and cant even say something from the heart?
travis scott kicks cameraman off stage: "get your f***ing nerdy *ss...
subscribe now for more updates!travis scott kicks cameraman off stage for no reason "get your f***ing nerdy *ss off the stage bro" from summer jam 2015.jacqu...
i really believe travis scott loves his music but the music becomes an experience when he's performing. at times intent is important. would he ever intentionally kill a fan? my guess is no. the loss of life is real, tragic, and deeply saddening. and so i pray for all affected folded hands
lmao uhuh but he just want the money tbh if he actually care he would stop the concert
iammaneflag of angola
stop blaming travis because he didn't do anything to anyone he's also a victim...
he could have stopped it but he didn't
#bantravisscottforever
i would follow but after what happened...
and why with everything i've read is astroworld not being held responsible at all when it's really the fault of the venue for not
bruh a girl came up to the stage by "herself" and literally screamed her lungs off that there are people fainting and dying so that they should "stop" the show and help those people!
how can you still say that it was not possible for travis to hear them in the crowd!?
after 10+ deaths at a concert
all he says is “absolutely devastated”
there were people on ladders, people screaming for help and the crowd roaring stop the show and he pretends that he didnt hear it?!
absolutebilled capbilled capbilled capbilled cap
christmas treeryan elliottchristmas tree
is the 9 year old kid okay? i heard there was one that was 9.
this man and his teenage baby mum alongside those pushing need to be held accountable and arrested !
arreseted, nah atleast charged, travis didnt make people injured. plus the family wasnt apart of this shit
wow travis scott nice apology
my granddaughter was also in the bottom of a pile, she is still soar. travis??!!
please how despise work
any updates on when the astroworld tour resumes?
they did not deserve what happened to them. ezra was 9 years old.
its "tragic loss of lives" and take out the "immediate response" because people laid there crushed while you sang.
thats definitely a satanic ritual,there were messaes all over  the place "see you on the other side " demonic rituals,it looked like hell honestly,people withing few minutes the concert started they fianted felt something weird,jesus forgive you can't say none
it's not as though you don't already have priors to igniting it.
it ain't looking to good for him unc.
1997-2002 mistubishi lancer evolution
"i'm so devastated on what happened last night:((((" bruh u sure about dat?
i need a part time worker for my side business. let me know if you want to apply, i don't judge if your a hard worker.  #riptravis
knowing 2021 get ready to get cancelled trav
you just care about money.!!!!!
https://twitter.com/thefestiveowl/status/1461451715614580746
this tweet is unavailable.
heart on fire𝐷𝐸𝑆𝑇𝐼𝑁𝐸𝐸heart on fire
you could've stopped it. you can't seriously expect anyone to believe that you didn't see what was going on. you watched all hell break loose, and still encouraged people to act crazy throughout just about the entire show.
no words man respectpensive face
big fan love what you've been doing
i'm absolutely devastated by this ratio thst took place last night my prayers go to ur ego
drop utopia and then its fine for me to cancel you but drop the album firstbutterflybear face
aye look all i can say that what happen it's mostly the audience fault due to massive behaviors and breaking in to see u perform, so really you was doing your job, but it's not your fault
travis could've stopped it. don't even act like he couldn't have.
lol 2 billion and 757 million? hahahahahaha fucking hahahahahahahahaha
kj matezo high voltage sign
travis scott's astroworld festival, dababy v. dani leigh and nba...
kj matezo joins us to talk about:0:00 travis scott's astroworld festival tragedy 6:56 dababy pr nightmare 15:34 nikola jokic vs markieff morris listen to pod...
face with open mouthface with open mouth
plant direct journal
love you travis. i will never not be a fan red heartred heartred heartred heartred heartred heartred heartred heartred heartred heartred heartred heartred heartred heart
https://twitter.com/lugiyem/status/1462092498285699081
william paul thompson
bless your heart..they can't find you responsible.
it happened in 2019...so the venue hasn't learned.
you stopped and showed concern as soon as you realized it was serious. lastly, the crowd rushed, and it wasn't you who caused it. sad for the losses for sure..not on u baby! folded hands
why are these concerts allowed to get this crowded? way too many people. got to get those ticket sales no matter the cost......smh
dynastyai - nft right-pointing triangle
when bands stop concerts to save fans
watch #linkinpark, #ratm and more bands stop shows to save fans who were in danger.if you're new, subscribe! → http://bit.ly/subscribe-loudwirego here → http...
travisssss i lovi yore contant i lovi u!!!
tryboysam ( no sweat me cool rip roblox )
hi travis scott we should meet up some time i love your music youre very talented would you like to see my room its very nice and comfortable we will be very cozy together i love bbc <3<3<#
do you really love yr fans?
after your recent album, i think ive given up. i've fought through thick and thin, tirelessly defending your music.but now, you've fallen off so hard i don't think i can fight anymore. when i defended your recent album, i was bullied for weeks, i'm sorry but you just lost a fansneezing face
